Not a lot to dislike.  Be great as G2 becomes more recognised by a wider audience and gives the Gartners a run for their money. 
There aren't enough people open to reviewing products without an incentive. I still think that reviewers are honest and unbiased, but the volume is still much lower than you'd expect.   It is costly, but we saw an ROI within weeks of launching our paid subscription with closing a relatively large deal through a lead that came in via G2Crowd. 
So far so good, we are just starting to use additional features like the LinkedIn integration so can't evaluate that yet
There is little that I dislike. Understanding exactly what each of the features means and the flow between them has been my only slight hindrance. 
This is not a true dislike, but the success of Advocately for us depends on at least one other integrated service, which we fortunately already had in place.
Not much at this point, we just need to figure out how best to integrate it into our other systems, particularly for our Customer Success team to follow up on the passive and detractor comments. No doubt I'll get the help I'm looking for.
Very little. The product is currently quite feature-light but the future is bright and loads of potential.
Hard to come up with anything I dislike, if pressed I would say that it would be good to have a simple explainer video of 1 minute which would quickly show the value and functionality - in the beginning it is a bit hard to understand exactly what Advocately does :-) 
Nothing right now.  I'm excited to see how the Advocately platform develops.
Advocately is still a very early product - not a ton on reporting yet, but we're excited to see where they're headed
I really can't think of anything right now.
There isn't anything I dislike at the moment. The product solves one problem and solves it well. Having such focus is a breathe of fresh air from other products that try to do too many things but do them poorly.
Advocately ihas been working with us with a Tailor Made Approach to our NPS Campaign, and this is not something which is readily available.  Most NPS Products in the market are just products with limited advisory on best practices, organizations will need to invest time to find the best way to implement their campaigns successfully.   What Advocately can bring in the future to their clients, are stellar examples of NPS campaigns execution.
I've not yet found anything i dislike about advocate.ly.
There is nothing to dislike. As Advocately is relatively new, the features will continue to grow with the feedback of users. 
Nothing at all. It's all good, an outstanding offering.
It's a newer product, so I feel like initially there's a bit more hand holding to get onboarded on the product. Saying that, the support was amazing and Patrick helped me get fully up and running very quickly. 
Haven't had a bad experience so far.  :)
I was about to say lack of Slack integration until Patrick showed me that they have built it in, and got us integrated. They move fast on the product and engineering side - and I look forward to seeing more features from the Advocately team.
What they consider 'Midmarket' seems too small to me. Think this could be changed or made more granular.
I can't say that I dislike anything in particular
I have no complaints when it comes to using G2crowd.
Sometimes it sucks when a customer leaves some negative information, but with that it allows us to understand what we need to work on in order to improve. 
I like the category grids but there are some where I question the validity of certain vendors to appear in them.  I have some questions around the market presence algorithm but can understand why it needs to remain secret.  Finally, I think some of the reports - especially around usability and ease of set-up - currently mitigate against larger vendors with more sophisticated solutions; these feel a little unfair.
Nothing as such. Started using this tool a month and feeling really good about the way it has brought in reviews. 
I wish it was less of a burden for my customers to fill out a review.
Nothing major at this time! I have been happy so far with our experience with G2.
I really can't think of anything I dislike about G2 Crowd. 
 It takes a lot of work to get your product profile set up on the site. There is a lot of information to complete and it can be a bit confusing. 
The LinkedIn log in is pretty hard to work with.
The only drawback I currently have would be the low volume. I am working with the reps to find a solution to help us increase our volume. 
The only thing I can think of for improvement is there is still a lot of reliability on AdRoll for activating retargeting programs. 
G2Crowd rank not given enough prominence. Don't like paid for reviews (think this should be charity donation only) as encourages people to make up reviews.  I think there should be some way of seeing the balance of reviews from particular companies (at the moment you could have 100 reviews from a single customer which could skew review count).
Difficult to say what I dislike, but if I had to choose I would say that sometimes the technology categories are too general. This can result sometimes in very different, non-competitive products in the same category.  This makes products hard to compare at times.
There really is not much if anything that I dislike about G2 Crowd. Naturally, as the company has grown, so has their pricing which can make budgeting and forecasting harder. I do also wish there were additional ways for Certify to generate more leads out of the system but I also understand this isn't their core solution offering. 
Setting up the product profiles is a bit cumbersome and I wish we could have a corporate page with individual products listed so people could see our entire portfolio. 
Nothing.  G2Crowd is a great company, they just need to extend their SEO penetration (at least in my category) to better generate organic leads.
I wish the average/total score would be updated more frequently. It looks like I have gotten a lot of 4.5 and mostly 5 star ratings, but it hasn't moved in like 9 months or so. It used to move more frequently at the beginning when we first drove traffic to the site, when I first started.
Honestly, I haven't really found anything.
We don't see a lot of people actually request a demo from our G2 profile page, but that is not unexpected.  
The system could be a bit more intuitive and cleaner for end users coming to look at reviews. You guys should get rid of that grid. It is confusing as heck. I am not a proponent of copy catting all the time, but on this one you could just take a que from Yelp or Tripadvisor in terms of how to present the best company in each category.  A list view is much better and simpler.  Also, I think you guys should better figure out the right companies that should be in a respective category. For us, there are people in our category whose primary product is not in our category yet they are able to rank higher than us in our category because they got more reviews in there primary category. It's a bit misleading I think for the end users relying on your site for reviews.
I wish there was more customization with the review questions and a way to provide ongoing feedback from customers that have posted reviews previously. Other review sites allow this and it would be great to have this feature added. 
I wish the company had even stronger brand awareness - several other colleagues in B2B haven't heard of the platform yet, so it will take a bit longer to build higher credibility/become the gold standard for reviews. 
Would like to see reviews dive a bit deeper into the customer's usage such as use case. Also, it would be nice to have extended sorting capabilities such as region and use case.
I'd like to be able to tag the reviews to identify common themes and export the reviews into an excel or csv. doc. 
I have nothing to say here. We are wishing good luck and future growth for Advocately. 
At least for the program we are running, G2 requires a lot of internal resources in order to garner the full benefits of the platform. I believe it will pay off in terms of high quality leads/ROI; however, expect some time to see significant results. 
I wish to gain more visibility or training on how to utilize the features/tools G2 has put in place.
Because G2 Crowd offers so many reports I wish the price wasn't so high to license each one.
We're trying out their sponsored content marketing program, but it's in its early stages and hasn't produced impressive results yet. It could be due to the ad design, but we'd like to see better results.  Their webhooks feature for leads is a little confusing, if you don't have any web dev experience.  The evaluation grid seems to favor market size, so if you don't work with enterprise businesses, you will never be labeled as a 'market leader' despite having a top notch review portfolio.   The comparison reports are overpriced for smaller startups.
Sometimes the leads that arrive are highly unqualified but I'm not sure that's G2's fault.
At this current time, there is nothing that I am unhappy with.
Not much that I dislike that we haven't solved with iteration on targeting, messaging & etc
It would be nice to have some more customizability over the buttons on your vendor page. They are working on this after feedback, though.
1. G2Crowd promised lots of leads, but leads are few and far 2. The embed feature is limiting - I do not have the ability to take specific sections from the testimonial and embed them. 
Outside of the basics, ideas are limited. Suggestions seem to always include spending more money with them. Inbound lead activity wasn't great in our experience, but we have a very specific product.
The grid.  The way G2 assesses market presence is misleading.
Would love to be able to customize qualification questions before anyone can request a demo. 
I don't like that some elements on the profile page are not customizable, for example, the Watch a Demo button cannot be renamed.
the survey process to review your company is like a million questions
We've been with G2 Crowd for only a few months. So far we have been pleased with what we have received.
I had a little trouble at first with establishing contact with our ongoing rep. The person who helped us set up the campaign and review site was super helpful and clear in her instructions.
Nothing to dislike here. They are very open to any feedback we have provided. 
There is nothing about the solution that we do not like
I have a variety of products that I am using and I wish all three could be on the same page. It's kind of annoying to send customers different pages to write reviews on if they use more than one of our products.
logging in is easy, but I wish it would send me straight to my company profile instead of having to search for it.
We can't use our own form, which is not a deal breaker.
the lead scoring  for the reports is  heavily influenced  by volume rather than quality .
Since we don't use the portal on a regular basis, it can be challenging at times to know where everything is at and how to make changes. It would be great if as an admin I could select a series of reviews that I'd like to highlight and make them available on our website. It would be great to see a G2 Crowd brand-free RSS feed that would allow us to publish testimonials to our website. 
The lead feature has been of absolutely no use to us.
I have no dislikes with G2 at this time.  
Not much really, the account managers are very helpful and open to feedback. It can be a bit pricey for small business, but not above market rate. 
Some of the predefined page set ups. For example, the word "software" is at the end of our product name.  The product is a software but the sentence sounds odd with software at the end. 
It's impossible (or at least very hard) to quantify the ROI. You can track your demo requests from G2C in Salesforce and measure that ROI, but I think the true value of G2C lies in the TOFU brand awareness you get from people viewing your page. And the data you get about your pageviews is not good. You're handed IP addresses that get matched against a spotty database (e.g. you will see a lot of "Comcast LLC viewed your page") and that's it. Without refining that data to the individual lead level, it's hard to give real attribution value to the pageviews you see on G2C. Maybe it's a great first touch channel, but you'll never really know.
Applying reviews to multiple categories. Our technology meets the needs of multiple product categories, and it should be easier to ensure that our reviews pertain to all. 
Doesn't always have every solution / every product.
I think they could improve the way videos for readers are displayed like a YouTube grid instead of the current format.  That's about it.
We upgraded to license the grid and badge for our category.  Unfortunately, “Leader” badges are only added/updated on your profile when a report for the category which you are a Leader in is generated. There is no report scheduled for the category which are are a “Leader” in.  G2Crowd should update badges on profile when/as companies move around on the grid, otherwise the profile pages are inaccurate. In the category description it says "Leaders include: [our brand]" but our profile is reflecting we are a “High Performer” when we are actually a “Leader.”
There is not a streamlined process in handling reviews. This gets to be daunting and cumbersome.  I would like to see more documentation on best practices with reports, spiffs and responses. 
The only downside is that some product categories are less rich in reviews than others. Something that surely will take time to develop but worth looking forward to.
If there was something that I disliked, I wouldn't be taking the time to review the product offering.... But, the only thing I am waiting from them on is an API direct integration to SFDC so we can more readily leverage the active search data and push it to our sales team faster. (Update: we are now part of the BETA program for the G2Crowd SFDC connector!)
There's nothing I can think of that I dislike, except we can't control the traffic to our page as we would increase that if we could.
Probably more brand recognition of the site. I think G2 Crowd has a lot of potential -- and the more recognition they get, the more people will see and trust our reviews!
Nothing really. While their team is still building out new features that will may eventually become "core" to their platform, it already does the basics of what we need and their team is very responsive when helping us with additional needs. 
There could be made improvements to the visitor and prospect reports so that those leads and stats could be leveraged better.   Also would be great if the Leader batches are updated more often to allow for profile reflection of rid changes. 
There are sometimes some bugs on the admin side that prevent me from updating certain things right away, but those issues get addressed quickly by the G2 Crowd team.
Nothing to report - Tony made everything a breeze.
I'm not too keen on the reporting tools available at the moment. It's hard to get key word searches and sentiment analysis so we can be more responsive as a company. HOWEVER, G2Crowd's research team is awesome and they have confirmed that these features are coming on the roadmap.
Nothing so far! You will need potentiall some expertise to hook up the advanced features and eg integrate with your CRM, but nothing too hard. 
Not much to dislike about this product. 
Nothing I dislike, just the more data we can get to help support competitor comparisons, the better.
So far we have been using Advocately for a few months and we have no complaints.
Nothing to dislike. It works well for our business and the onboarding was done via a 1 on 1 webinar. 
We'd like to expand our activities with G2Crowd, but understand that in order to remain independent the company is very stringent in the activities SpringCM can have with them.
The visitors section gives me mostly individuals who are not relevant to our business.
It can seem like there is a lot happening in the platform initially which can make self-implementation a cumbersome process. 
Lead generation is probably G2 Crowd's weakest link.
It is not possible to download all the customer reviews for further processing. There is a paid product that gives you additional insights but it doesn't directly provide an easy export option for all reviews either.
I would like to be able to collect more customized data.
At times there's too much data but that's easily solved by time and patience.
Some informations about companies are not full, and sometimes there are not enough to compare solutions with each other correctly.
There is really nothing I can say I dislike at the moment. 
Nothing comes to mind. Perhaps more front-end customization capabilities but that's minor.
So far we just finished the on boarding so we are relatively new. 
We would have liked being able to offer different charity options to our clients so they could choose what mattered to them, but that's about it!
Sometimes it can take a few days for Advocately to capture a review that has been made on Capterra or Xero.
We wish there was a way that we could block analytics coming from our IP addresses, so as to differentiate visitor traffic from our team monitoring and updating the pages.
I wish there were more options  that we can do to our profile ourselves without having to log a ticket with Support. It would also be preferable if I can respond to reviews as Planday, instead of as my personal LinkedIn profile. As such, I can only comment. This should be changed.
not 100% user friendly reports but reports itself are good
Lack of permissioning options. It would be nice to be able to authorize certain members of our management and support teams to respond to reviews without giving them access to all of the admin dashboard. It would be nice if we also had the option to respond as the company instead of individuals. 
It can take a while to get your parameters clear and narrow enough so that we don't get any waste.
Sometimes the backend would miss saving changes or not show updates. More detailed analytics would be helpful.
Side navigation under the admin view is not ideal (hard to find what you are looking for sometimes based on how everything is categorized). 
Our business goal is to drive traffic externally and we haven't seen any significant success yet in comparison to other tools.
Nothing comes to mind. Advocately is quite impressive.
The platform lacks multi-language support and is too much USA oriented. Software market is global and even when most of activities are ok being in English, there are a lot of reviewers out there that feel more comfortable writing something as personal as a review in their own language. On the other hand, G2 Crowd is struggling to get on the top (if it hasn't already) of the Software Review credibility and reputation score table. They do effords commuincating their platform to the USA market and USA software consumers, that efford would be welcome in other languages and countries too.
Feedback from some of our customers was that they struggled to redeem their vouchers. I think G2 can work a bit of this to make it easier to redeem the rewards.
Everything was likable - on-boarding and set-up was simple.  
Nothing yet! We've gone live, customers have submitted reviews - it all looks good so far.
Some of the more advanced offerings pitched to us at different times were not fully baked and required manual integrations to have them set up. Also, I think customers can benefit from finer filtering criteria and better validation of contact info in the lead generation offerings (for instance, occasionally last names or phone numbers are incomplete or missing from leads that get passed to us).
I really couldn't say. I've enjoyed using G2 Crowd's Marketing Solutions.
There are a lot of different categories that have to be done before you get traction. Not bad. Just time-consuming.
Traffic isn't directed to our website as well as Capterra.
I'd have to defer to my Marketing Director  - but sales, customer success and product get a lot of value from what we hear real time.
Nothing. I love everything.I don't dislike anything. (I love everything)
I don't have much to this time. We have been on the platform for few weeks only. 
People can complete their reviews privately, although I think publically a person can be kept private, it would help the company out to find out who gives what review so we can either thank them or help them.
The user interface is a little too cluttered. There seem to be some issues visual hierarchy. This makes it difficult for one to quickly understand the great reports they have to offer which is a shame. Also, this is minor, but the "chat here" option appears to often. It is common to have a chat icon in the bottom right of the screen but it's also repeated in several other areas of the site which makes the site feel to cluttered and too "salesy". I honestly believe more people would visit g2 if the user interface felt less cluttered.  
Content/reports are somewhat expensive for a startup to buy that will no longer be used after a year. 
It would be great to have a more data on the prospects as well as a more comprehensive list of marketing assets and ways to use these assets. The bigger this library is the better it will serve the customers. 
nothing at the moment. We are still looking to measure ROI
Some of the lead capture analytics lacked the detail we would like, for example, which category listing generated the most view for us.
I'd love if G2Crowd provided more specific insights about the people researching software (beyond company name and state).
Getting charged for free trial clicks regardless of quality of leads
While the content is beautiful and elicits interactions and views, It is very expensive.
Lack of data connector within the premium package has limited us to evaluate customer journey between Salesforce and G2 Crowd. As a result, we have not been able to evaluate ROI goals from the platform. I would recommend the development to consider introducing support for data connectors like -  Salesforce, Google Analytics, AdRoll. Also, there should be a  customization support for the profile tailored to client needs. 
In the beginning, they wanted to move a little faster than we did. We're new to the review game and wanted time to assess, inform our team, and gather advice from others in our company. 
Regarding the onboarding process specifically, I don't really have any dislikes.  The attention to detail and involvement from the G2 team is a rarity among larger organizations today.
Not having enough time to use all the premium profile features! 
We have to pay for a branded landing page.
The only complaint I have is that they sent the review emails to our customers back to back. G2 Crowd sends 3 emails to notify your customers to leave reviews and earn gift cards, but I was really hoping we'd be offered the chance to choose the dates of these emails. They sent all 3 emails back to back over a 3 day period, which in my opinion wasn't enough space between emails. Maybe just give customers the option in the future of when to send the emails. *Disclaimer: I may have had the option to choose and just forgot/didn't realize it...
Nothing to date. We've been pleased with their solutions and their people.
Cluttered spaces and overlistings. Products are listed in category that are not 100% relevant.
The form is rather long :), and I believe that it impedes people from completing a full, accurate review.
The profile set up wasn't always completely intuitive, but with someone always available to answer questions that wasn't a barrier to getting it complete. 
I wish we were able to utilize ABM functionality and able to see our ranking on the quadrant. I also would like functionality around serving offers to people visiting our profile, i.e. proactive targeting based on a account list. 
Nothing so far. The platform and the team have been excellent.
There is nothing I would add here. The experience has been pleasant. 
We wish we could have more than one default category. Otherwise, things have been pretty great!
Currently there is nothing that we dislike about the G2 profile and system. 
There are not too many dislikes. We are enjoying the prospect scoring, but understand we can't get more visibility into this data without upgrading.  
- I'd love to see even more granular data on who is visiting our category - The navigation can be a little confusing on the backend, I find myself randomly clicking around the menu until I find what I was actually looking for.
Nothing to speak of here, despite looking for areas of potential concern!
I'd like to be able to meter out the invitations sent to users over 4-6 months instead of a large set all at once. 
All I have to say is that there's nothing to dislike.
No specific things that I don't like about G2.
There are so many useful features – there is not much to dislike.  And I think the vision and roadmap can take G2 to even broader value for us.  I guess the most difficult part is change management on our side – i.e. how do we get our teams to more habitually use the G2 features and information in all of our internal sales, marketing, support, and product processes.  
Ability to target companies by annual revenue.
Pricing seemed a bit high at first as we were unsure what that money invested was going to get us. But it is clear that they are experienced and we are now hoping to see a nice ROI from it. 
Nothing. They reminded me of what I needed to be doing without being annoying. 
The effectiveness for services. The areas of the profile are not for services...
There are some manual things like Account Mapping and implementation that could be very time intensive on your sales op and/or end user. G2 is working on ways to improve work flows. Think about what playbooks to run with the data G2 can provide. 
Nothing really, they aren't even invasive. Pretty chill! 
Our initial performance goals were around lead generation and brand visibility on the leader grids. Quite frankly, we weren't seeing any leads or any placement on the grid until we were able to obtain a lot of positive customer reviews, unfortunately 11 months into the annual contract. Now we have started to see some regular activity and great progress on the effectiveness.  The intent program is very expensive and it will be difficult to justify our ROI given our relatively low cost of acquisition needed for our ROI.  
The only area we would love to see some additional work, but I also know these updates are coming, are more API integrations with other marketing/display/social platforms. 
Nothing at this stage - Its a great product. 
Nothing major, If I would have to choose one thing, I would say the # of people I had to deal with from sales to onboarding process. 
It can take a few tries to get used to all of the premium account features, but any questions we had were answered quickly. 
The login process can be tricky at times as you have to get another email to login to the account. 
As a demand-gen marketer with lead goals to hit, we were hoping to see more direct leads coming from our G2Crowd profile. While I don't doubt the broader value of the platform (and the exposed visitor data gives very clear evidence of a role it's playing in the buying process), it's tougher to assign value to that in a ROI focused environment at a large corp with established sales systems.
Not much. There are some things that aren't self service and we needed to go through support for. For example, the company bio (under the logo) was outdated and we couldn't change that ourselves.  
There is nothing I don't like about G2Crowd!
itsperfectitsperfectitsperfectitsperfect
The weighting provided to marketshare obscures the raw user data.
Nothing major comes to mind.   Would like to be able to select more than one "owner" of the product admin, so appropriate people can get notified of new reviews. There is a workaround to this that we have figured out but the notifications get sent to a personal email address that is tied to LinkedIn account, instead of work email account which would be preferred. 
Buyer Intent, too much money for no names, email address
None
Honestly, nothing bad to say at this time about the events team! It was a bit frustrating that the G2 review approvers rejected some reviews that were given by valid users and clients at the event for reasons that I do not understand but that is a different function. 
For the review landing pages, I'd like to be able to configure the order in which reviews show. More customization options, and ability to see views on the pages would be well received. 
Some of the services can be a bit on the pricey side.
None
Overall a great platform with great people behind it. The only remark I have is that while giving a lot of feedback, it sometimes takes a while before things are actually happening.  Would also like to see even more best practices from the Customer Success Team.  Presence in Europe, however they are heavily investing in the European marketing going forward, which is a big plus for us. 
None
The backend interface is a little bit old school  and sometimes not very intuitive. We would also like to have more possibilities for rules based for the customer intent emails.
Some vendors shouldn't be in our category, the research team needs to look a little bit more closely.
So far, we're extremely satisfied with our entire G2 Crowd experience.
I have no complaints about the product, staff, or service at G2 Crowd. One observation is that G2 Crowd prizes quality reviews, and there can sometimes be a delay between review date and the day it posts to your account. Don't wig out: It's TOTALLY normal! They will carefully vet all reviews to make sure they are being submitted by actual software users. Fake news, fake reviews, Pokemon -- the team at G2 Crowd catches it all. 
Sometimes the algorithm will prioritize reviews that are neither recent or the most helpful, because they're verified or lengthy, but doesn't take context into consideration.   Major increase in subscription price this year, but comes with a lot more functionality and tools to leverage (that we're still getting acquainted with).  High cost for SMBs, but so valuable.
As someone being onboarded, there could be more clarity with the pricing and what you get with that pricing. Because of this, talks of up-selling happen from the beginning, which lends to confusion. 
Nothing that I dislike right now. The product has also come a long way compared to one year ago. 
The process of pushing the accounts from G2Crowd to an automated advertising campaign via social and programmatic channels is done with CSV files, but it's solvable using Zapier. Would be happy to see an integration between the two solutions, as well as others (e.g. outreach.io)
Very little traffic within Australia/NZ. Not seeing ROI, yet.
Although I understand there's a lot of features to cram in (there's no denying there's lots of cool things) I have found the interface a little unfriendly/buggy at times, however the latest layout is a big improvement - a tour/new tool guide would have been nice tho ;) Other than that, it's a great system, and although just getting starting, I look forward to the results it will bring in the future!
Not much to dislike technically. I would be interested in getting more analytics on which reviews visitor traffic is reading most. 
The platform interface is not as intuitive as I would expect, and it is sometimes difficult to find what I'm looking for or to switch from consumer view to admin view.
None
Nothing from my experience. They are great to work with!
An easier way to get buyer intent data into our other systems such as Salesforce. That would make it easier for us to do ABM.
G2 Crowd obviously has a strong interest—like any tech company—in ensuring we become heavily integrated within their platform and remain customers for the foreseeable future. A few times that's come across just a little too strong, at least to our liking (lots of communications and calls to set up integrations we don't necessarily need on our end at the moment). Not really a deal breaker but we're a small, bootstrapped team that just needs a bit of consideration for what we can do at a reasonable pace. Other than that, not much to dislike about this platform and their team.
It seems like there is a lot of investment of time upfront, but it's well worth it. Also, to get G2 working for you, a campaign must get going ASAP, which can be overwhelming, but helpful.
My biggest hurtle with G2 was the Leads integration. I was told I "could get the data any way I wanted" prior to buying. When installing, and realizing it was missing this key feature, I pinged the team. They're still a little young, and therefore overpromised.   However, this turned out to be a very positive experience, because they designed and implemented a new API specific to my needs, and fast. Turns out they could get it to me any way I wanted, I just had to wait a few weeks. I now have a Leads API that gets me the data, how and when I need it. They're already listening to the next product advancements, and I feel confident the product will continue to grow beyond its existing value, which is already at this point quite significant.  The team was fast, effective, and easy to work with during the update; Couldn't be happier. G2 boyscout here, if you're charged with Demand Generation, Lead Generation, Scoring, or most anything relevant with Leads - there's a way for you to leverage this data and get value by the boat load.
Currently, I don't have anything that I dislike. The analytics could be slightly improved (as far as deeper customization) but it works as is.
With any growing company, it seems that there are a lot of new employees that are still finding their way.  Fortunately they seem to have a strong core team that is helping guide them.
No complaints or dislikes about G2 Crowd. We've experienced nothing but great service!
A fortnightly meeting with the Account Manager after the onboarding process would be really appreciative.
Their prices. Longer answer to fit the 40 character requirement - what it costs.
There is not one thing I can honestly say that I have disliked. My questions/concerns have always been answered immediately day or night.
Nothing yet, except that sometimes the system in itself may seem a little confusing. However, with the help of the staff everything falls into place, so no complaints. One thing they can improve is lead management screen. We don't work on leads, and if it was possible to customize the solution a little bit more to suit individual requirements, it will be appreciated.
Honestly, there is nothing I disliked. The user interface of the application and the onboarding process are great.
I wish there were more information about WHO is looking.
I have not used G2 Crowd for very long, so far I have not encountered anything that I dislike. The service has been as advertised for me.
Nothing to dislike so far, we've been happy with our progress. 
We had expected to receive more form-fill leads from our profile listings on G2 Crowd. 
Some of the most advanced features require plans that are a bit pricey for a startup :-)
nothing so far.  have been very happy with the overall experience.
We wish that the widgets for our website were more customizable. Just like I am filling out what I don't like (which is hard to come up with when you like a product like G2 Crowd :) ), our customers are asked to do the same. While the feedback is valuable, it shows on the widgets that you would use to promote reviews. Definitely workarounds, but one way they could improve!
Don't love the G2Crowd score and how it impacts total vendor scoring but understand the reasoning behind it
Nothing so far. G2Crowd is a little pricey compared to competitors, but it's been well worth it.
It can be a little unclear how close you are (mathematically/algorithmically) to the next star (or tenth of a star).
I haven't found anything to dislike about G2 Crowd - the team or the product - at this point. 
The tool has an opportunity to offer further customizations on the display of the profile. I hope in the future these customization options are available.
No negatives so far, looking forward to improve and develop our implementation further. 
Nothing really to complain about. Great process overall.
We're really not seeing much as far as leads or traction from the platform as we'd like, but I was warned that G2 is not a big lead generating platform. We hope that the reviews are helping to feed other organic channels, but we'll never really know. I also don't like that they cap the amount of leads they're willing to give you each year, even though extra leads might be coming in. That sounds silly. But, my problem is getting even close to that number to begin with. 
One complaint is that the TAT for reply to any issue is a bit long
Nothing at this point that I dislike!!!!
It would be nice to get an email notification when review campaigns go live. 
As with any young company, there have been minor tech hiccups along the way. Nothing that required a huge undertaking, but just a little patience for the growing pains. Many pricing tiers for data and content can be mystifying as well.
They were very helpful and supportive - maybe decrease the total number of onboarding calls as they were very informative but also very time consuming. 
We have not found anything that we dislike
There were a few hiccups along with way with getting our initial email out due to email issues on their end that could have been communicated a little better; however, in the end, all ended up working out fine.
There are some limitations with the profile and the data that I'm able to get on my own from the platform. Their team was quick to help me get the data I needed when I asked though!
Barring a few bugs in the reference sheets tool, G2 has delivered so far on everything we've been promised. Not much to talk about in the realm of dislikes.
the interfaces is a little "homebrew" - getting to admin center is a little clunky. Price performance is still a bit of a question particularly in the long-term.
Buyer intent notifications are sent once every day at 5pm, and it's my understanding this cannot be changed.   It'd be nice if I were able to customize the time and frequency at which I receive these reports.
The fact that I can't actually see the contact details of the people reviewing our pages
Nothing to dislike about the G2 Platform 
The review list does not always include the customer's name and the list of customer reviews cannot be exported even as an admin on the account.
I do not really dislike anything right now.
Didn't notice any, everything was great 
Overall, I like the way G2 looks at markets, but the way that G2 calculates "Market Presence"— the Y-axis in Grid Reports — could use some improvement. It uses 15 factors like Number of Employees, Revenue, Web Presence, and  Social Presence. This gives large companies with hundreds of products and thousands of employees a distinct advantage over specialists that are better known in a given market. Companies like IBM and Microsoft will always score well in Market Presence because of their sheer size, even if they have only a handful of employees working on a given product.
We have had a few hiccups in rolling out our reviews campaign (landing pages with the wrong review incentive were sent out initially) but they have always been resolved quickly and with transparency from the G2 team. Even with the hiccups, we got a great response to our campaign and are happy with our on-boarding.
Quadrant rating sometimes skewed based on a variety of factors.
Not sure yet- need more time to evaluate
I don't know that there is much to dislike - the product is pretty straightforward from a management perspective. The one aspect I would change is to have more flexibility in on the 'calls to action' on our page. Our product is unique in that its free to use, so anything that speaks to a 'free trial' feels misleading for potential customers or our offering. 
The lead generation that results from G2Crowd is so high quality that I just wish we could get more volume. The low funnel lead generation from G2Crowd is top notch.
Just like most enterprise tools like this, it can be complicated and is a lot of information to digest. Luckily the support and onboarding team has been really helpful.
Didn’t know about some cool features till our account manager told us. Some of our customers have reported issues with review submission failures multiple times. Just the submit button was not working. 
G2 moves really fast and sometimes doesn't tell all the Account Managers what new products are being launched. Sometimes, I wished they slowed down a little bit. There is such a thing as too much data. Also, they are very, very expensive for vendors. 
Extracting the information about each lead / company isn't as easy as I'd expect
There was an issue with the banner and badges not being updated properly or on time. Changes are often not saved in the platform. A lot of great features but are available for additional charges. Integrations with platforms such as HubSpot are not as straight forward. Takes some getting used to in using the platform.  
Price points are pretty high, and plan tiers upgrades are pretty steep, which prevents us from making the most of the platform. Also, it would be really nice to be able to export more data from our profile.
None
Some of our customers did express some frustration with getting the reviews to post, but it most likely was due to user error (not completing email verification or wanting to connect via LinkedIn).  While we did try and coach customers through this, some were not willing to take these additional steps and in turn, caused the reviews not to be posted.  There also was not an exact match for our industry within the drop down list, so sometimes our customers were unsure how to correctly complete all fields that were required.
Platform functionality is highly limited depending on the package purchased. Some features that are truly standard to operate basic review programs seem to only be included in optimized or enhanced packages. It's frustrating to design a program around these limitations and when this is brought up, the only real solution is up-sell - which is not a realistic option for many. 
The ability to tag and pull reviews off the G2 site for use in broader marketing campaigns is a little clunkier than some of their competitors but I believe there are new plans in place for this, so I look forward to the updates on this.
It is important to get enough depth in a review to make it actionable and we don't always get that. Further, we'd like to see more G2 visibility in search results relevant to our call/contact center industry so that our customers and prospects can leverage in their buying research. 
The backend of G2 is currently improving for the admin use however there could still be some more room for improvement in regards to tagging reviews. Also it would be nice to be able to create our own unique tracking links for events and campaigns instead of having to go to G2 support every time.
Pricey for small businesses but the value is evident
Little hiccup on my profile to start - was handles effectively. All good after that.
There is an incentive of $25 to generate reviews, but perhaps some consultation/suggestions on how many gift cards to use would have been helpful.
﻿Nada da minha experiência Às vezes, o algoritmo priorizará revisões que não são recentes nem mais úteis, porque são verificadas ou demoradas, mas não levam em consideração o contexto O processo de empurrar as contas do G2Crowd para uma campanha de publicidade automatizada via social e canais programáticos são feitos com arquivos CSV, mas é solucionável usando Zapier Como alguém sendo incorporado, pode haver mais clareza com os preços e o que você ganha com esse preço
there were some delays due to the expectations from sales and thr reality in on-boarding not totlaly matching up. But they made a real effort to resolve those.
The number of leads generated can be improved and as well maybe to have translations of the profiles for each country.
I haven't been using it long enough to find anything yet aside from a minor bug with data entry that I can work around by sending my rep at G2 the content.
It may take a while to see results and I question the authenticity of some of the reviews.
potentially expensive.. we'll have to see what the return is! 
I plan to ask our CSM, but I don't believe there is a good way for us to share the positive comments from reviews on our website. They do have the review snapshot widget, but it is not very configurable i.e. it doesn't really work on our website. Thus, we are not able to share the good review using them as social proof on our site.
The only downside about G2 is the Buyer Intent "recommended leads". Thus far, we haven't had much luck reaching out to the right person. 
Not much. The platform is more or less straightforward and onboarding helps too
Nothing so far...we are early in the process.
I can't think of a specific downside for us personally, but I would caution people to consider G2 only when you have the time, energy and resources to commit to it. I thought our process went quickly because (1) the G2 team stayed on top of everything and (2) because we were committed to the process. I would advise teams to have a point person and champion for it in their organization.
There is nothing I can think of that I disliked.
No strong dislikes so far with the platform 
Dislike the tasking process of verifying a review. There were a few reviews we felt were legitimate however, were rejected because they were not able to verify they were a customer. 
While I understand the need, the review validation process has been a bit frustrating. There have been several reviews that I read prior to their validation that were clearly Sharpen users, but they were rejected because of an error in their user validation. It seemed that only those who reviewed and validated their identity via LinkedIn were able to actually be validated. Email address validation was not as reliable. 
The G2 verification process is a bit mysterious, but again Kelly stepped us through things nicely. She answered questions as she could, and found answers when she needed to.
None
Nothing, everything seems to be going smoothly. 
None
None
None
As they continue to improve the Salesforce integration we'll become more efficient at getting this information to the right reps.  
I can't think of any downsides at the moment. A true measure of success for us will be the number of MQLs/SQLs we are able to create from this platform. TBD.
None
None
None
There is a lot to learn for people who are new to the platform!
I can't see any negatives so far so we are looking forward to using the G2 platform more in the future. 
Nothing.  The website UI has been an upgrade and makes it even easier to get what you need.
We had some bumps in terms of how to classify our company (set up each product individually or as a company) which delayed things, but once that was set, it was very smooth and simple. 
I wish there were more categories. The category we're in is too broad, we have several vendors who have very different offerings and actually a few clients who show up as competitors.
I'd like to discover a way to use this same tool for non-software sales 
Not being able to leverage intent data across other platforms. 
None
None
None
None
None
Honestly nothing. It's a great service and we're happy customers. 
No dislikes here - all the content sent over is easy to understand. 
It does cost a significant amount for each individual profile. If the profiles were less expensive, we would be able to add all of our products to the site. 
There isn't anything that I dislike about G2
There is nothing that I dislike at this time.
There is a LOT to do and learn but, in time, the platform starts to become more familiar. There's always so much potential using it - it's about focusing on what you can do now and organizing your next steps accordingly. (The efficiently organized onboarding process and follow-up emails are a huge assist in this!)
That we didn't get on G2 last year! Do not have anything negative to say.
Some people don't like how long it takes to fill in reviews
I think the navigation of G2's admin platform could use some re-thinking. I'd be happy to whiteboard with the product team.
We were a bit skeptical on the upfront cost of marketing on G2, but the support that they offer makes up more than plenty for the investment and we believe that we will get a good return on our investment.
The price is a little steep for where we are as a company, but we've already seen a lot of value from it, so I think it will pay for itself.
It's hard to accurately determine the ROI of investing in the platform up front through the team does have a lot of comparable test data to share.
My only gripe is that I think there could be more clarity around ranking algorithm  which determines where businesses get to on the category pages. There could be more clarity around exactly why some of the reviews have been rejected or are ineligible. Often I have to reach out to the AM to understand why this is the case.
There is a lot to cover in 3 half hour on boarding sessions, I think two of my went longer and I could have benefited from one more.
The UX of the review form could be improved..
The onboarding process was maybe a bit long, with many contact points, although very well structured and organized.
Only thing i don't like: To be not able to use the option of the GIF on the cover picture.
Not much I can say. We love the CSM and sales teams. The platform is easy to use and massively intuitive.
I think the reverse IP look up leave a lot of potential customers out of the buyer intent. High cost for a non-lead generating program. I don't like that I can't select which categories are brand falls under. I don't like that we paid $$$ and still can't have a graph in our category. I don't like that G2 doesn't qualify the buyer intent data to be useful for your organization.
The Market Data can be confusing with the high number of categories and crossover with tangental products/solutions. Buyer Intent data does not provide quite the level of detail desired to make quick effective use. The Review Process is daunting for new reviewers and takes a lot of time and detail to complete - causing some people to just drop out of the process.
The process for users to leave a review is long.
Nothing major so far. It would be cool to have some extra integrations with other tools (e.g. we use Pipedrive as a CRM), but this is not really a deal breaker for us.
As a vendor, I don't think the administration site is as easy to use as it could be.  Or maybe it could just be organized better. It seems like every time I turn around there is something else that I haven't heard of before. Maybe it's just me, but I would like to see an outline of all the steps involved in creating your initial profile and then what can be added later.
Not much to dislike worth mentioning here. I made a couple of product recommendation based on my usage of the platform which were taken into account. that's great!
Nothing, at the moment! The user-friendly platform is great, the onboarding process was great, and the results from our hard work are great as well.
There were some issues with like-named products that we had to sort out with the G2 team. We also ran into issues with our automation. The G2 team was great and helped us by giving us a few extras. I also wish G2 did more external marketing on LinkedIn and other professional sites so that the value of their product was more well known.
We're still very new to the platform but don't have any dislikes at this time.
Intent data is a fixed cost at one of the higher product tiers which when the volume is fairly low especially product page level intent it's very hard to justify the investment in the middle tier.
I've found a few places where the documentation of features doesn't seem to be updated completely. An example could be for the different widgets, where it's not very clear how they are actually going to look. A few images/examples (maybe just with dummy data) would be great to show precisely what a widget does and how it'll look when implemented.
Integrating into Salesforce took a good deal longer than anticipated, but their development team was always willing to step in and help our side out while dealing with permission issues.
nothing really comes to mind. There is lots of info but that can't be changed
I have liked everything thus far, I have no complaints.
G2 has so many capabilities, it was a bit overwhelming to tackle everything at once. Luckily our customer relationship manager helped us focus and prioritize, and we're now fully leveraging all the platform has to offer!
Being on the other side of handling the company page for Oorwin, I have found the review moderation policies to be extremely stringent. While the thoughts and efforts are to maintain authentic and genuine reviews, there should be a revalidation for review rejection rates - for eg when it is beyond 50%, there should be a re-check as to why this is happening.
Would love to see more leads or opportunities come from our listings.
Would love if we could use our CC to purchase Gift Cards. This is on the roadmap I heard.
Their reporting needs improvement. G2 had a helpful ROI tool. It synced with Salesforce and would map buyer intent to your opportunities to know whether G2 buyer intent happened on an opp before or during an opp (lead gen vs influence). Unfortunately, they pulled this tool to re-tool it. For now, it's hard to truly measure the impact of G2 buyer intent (without the right resources on your end to configure Salesforce and the G2 SFDC connector to make pull off the same or similar ROI reporting). Review collected by and hosted on G2.com.
I wish it was a bit easier to give reviews, but also understand that they need to make sure they are legitimate, so I understand that.
Wish there was a "Try before you buy" option that I could take advantage of.
Not much to dislike. Their market categories could be more well-defined. Sometimes you're comparing apples to oranges in G2 grids when it comes to cybersecurity products, but it's at least a step ahead of Gartner Peer Insights (we're in the "Security - Other" category).
There is honestly nothing to dislike at this point.
The transparency of the criteria used to rank companies in the ranks and grids could be more clear. It's not obvious what's the weight of each attribute to increase or decrease a company position.
We found it hard to integrate the intent data into something meaningful in our Marketo instance.
There is nothing to call out at this point.
There isn't a lot I dislike about G2. I do wish there was more tracking available when using the resource pages.
We have not had any issues working with G2 Marketing Solutions. To date the collaboration has been seamless and collaborative.
I wish there was more insight into the G2's product roadmap and transparency in how customer feedback helps drive that innovation.  G2 needs to do a better job in focusing and showcasing their customers and how we shape where G2's product is headed next.
The need to pay for multiple profiles to "own" them. Especially when you have a platform where you'd prefer it all to roll up nicely together. Seems disjointed and just a way for them to get more money.
No dislikes here. They have been great partners!
G2 is great and I've found nothing I dislike about the platform.
It would be nice to have additional pricing options at varying levels for the content licensing packages.
We didn't have visibility into the reviews as they we're coming in- would've been interesting to see in real time what sort of feedback was being left.
our organization's inability to set up the SFDC connector.  If you have "bad data" it can be tough to launch
Not much to dislike. Our G2 team has been awesome in helping us if we have any issues.
I would love to understand more, from a competitive perspective, how other vendors are able to rank on specific grids. There are cases where some vendors are on a specific grid that I don't believe belong, and it's difficult to understand how they got there and create a "dismiss" talk track for our sellers.  For example, why is competitor "X" listed under grid "A?" There are specific rules that vendors must follow in order to rank on a grid, but in my opinion, it's not specific enough to truly understand what our sellers are up against.
I can't say I have much to include here as I don't actively use the platform but more consult and distribute.
The only downside is not being able to use all of the reports if they're not licensed!
G2 offers many solutions when it comes to Marketing Solutions. It can be difficult determining the best solution for your business at first, but our Account Manager and CSM have been super helpful in this process for us!
The Activated Profile package is pricey and not well aligned to businesses who don't engage in account-based marketing. It would be nice to have a package with much of those features adjusted for those of us who can't make as much use of the business intent data and lean more on content-based lead and demand generation.
There really is no downside to G2! If you have any issues, you have great customer success reps who make things super easy to understand and put into practice.
We've not yet leveraged all of the paid features available to us, can only speak to those we have: nothing to dislike at this point, really. I do, at times, feel pressured, sometimes rushed, to utilize plan to fullest potential (understandably, as CS team is eager to prove value), and felt the onboarding process was hurried, though we're not quite there yet. Baby steps is how we roll.
We had shared feedback about improvements we'd like to see for the process of leaving G2 reviews to make it more seamless. This feedback was well received by the G2 team.
I don't have much that I dislike. I do wish the Grid Reports were a little more selective in terms of categories and segments. We do place well in those but sometimes the volume of reports and badges make it difficult to hone in on a message. We like to leverage these with our sales team but it can be hard to find a few key takeaways for it. That's the one area that we'd like to improve.
Content licenses are required for every category your solution falls within, which can be cost-prohibitive if you have a solution that falls within many categories
There is just so much, and not enough time to implement. We're a smaller demand gen team, which makes expanding our efforts a bit difficult. We've leaned on our account team to help, but there is just so much, it can be overwhelming at times. I also don't think this is necessarily a bad thing, a lot of room to grow.
It can sometimes be difficult for multi-function teams to manage when there are distinct goals for each but we're getting there.
The quantity of leads can be low at times
Honestly, I really don't have any complaints - I truly feel like a valued partner!
The quarterly report methodology and algorithms need additional details and explanations.
Nothing, really.  I had experience with G2 from a previous company and it's even better the second time.
I don't have anything to add here. Everything runs smooth.
There is always some portion of our audience that views the information here with skepticism, but G2 provides ample information to overcome those objections.
As one of the leading SaaS review sites, I view G2 as a "necessary evil'. We need to have a presence on G2, and a good one at that.  We have not seen success with automated review generation, and thus have to invest a lot of time and money in order to see the return. The number of reviews is important, which means that bigger companies with more customers are at an inherent advantage over startups or growing companies.   I wish we could set up unique review links ourselves instead of having to rely on our account team. They are always on top of it, but seems like something we could/should be able to do easily ourselves.
No downsides come to mind, the experience I have had with the G2 Marketing Solutions team has always been informative and helpful.
The Terminus integration and complexity of the Salesforce integration
Aligning on profile categories maybe sometimes challenging, especially when managing a complex portfolio of embedded solutions.
My company is used across a number of different industries and is applicable across a lot of different user types. As a result, my company's product is listed in a lot of grid reports. It can be a bit challenging to drive reviews for all of the different use cases and industries. I would like to see more internal adoption of the intent data and comparison pages. I think G2 does a great job of putting a lot of data into your hands, but I'd like to see G2 make it simple to leverage that data to help their customers make smart decisions in terms of which prospects to focus on and which ones to put into a nurture track.
Could be easier to automate reviews especially using Salesforce.
We had a hard time making use of the intent data with G2 and utilizing it within our marketing programs. Without user level data, it is hard to know intent of a company and difficult to put that data into scalable programs.
I dislike the frequency and large amounts of reports they offer. I think it dilutes their validity for prospects and sales.  I also dislike how short their reviews are. I don't think a reviewer is encouraged enough to leave longer more helpful reviews that give better insight into the product.
I cannot think of anything at the moment.
Too many email notifications - I wish they wouldn't send repetitive alerts within the same week for the same company. It's overkill, but at the same time It makes sure I don't miss anything! I know they can't share personal information but that would obviously be great! Given you don't have insights into the person who was researching on g2, you have to get a little creative and leverage a larger net for your initial outreach.   I don't like that the last review (video) is automatically the first thing a customer sees, if this isn't a good review but there are 8 others that are, why does it have to be highlighted? I feel like our company should get to choose which video is shown on our main page on G2.   Information isn't always accurate that is left by our customers, I can specifically see where they have made false claims. Most are not from verified customers which makes me think, could this bad review be a competitor trying to tarnish my brand?
Nothing jumps to mind at the moment. Any questions or concerns I've had have been addressed by G2's very friendly, prompt, and helpful CS team!
Since G2 can't send actual contact info, it can sometime be hard tracking down the specific person who was searching (especially now that people are working from home and in different locations).
Truthfully, there is nothing I can add here.
There is so much content and opportunity at your fingertips that it can be overwhelming. Managing G2 could practically be a full-time job, and I worry that I'm not using G2 to its fullest potential.
There's not really a ton that I dislike. Again, I can't speak to too many of G2's products as I've only dabbled in a couple.
There's nothing to dislike about G2! The only thing I'd say is it is a team effort, so you need to have a solid internal team along with G2 to create any movement for your company.
Not enough questions on the review form leads to a lot of low-quality review content.
Content licenses are required for every category and product, meaning that if you have a few different product types, you have to pay for each one individually. There are no group packages for companies that fit in multiple categories making it very expensive.
I am not always sure that I am taking full advantage of the service.  I would like to know how more customers have leveraged everything.
Their algorithm is very misleading. The first month we used G2, we were in the leaderboard quadrant as a top 3 solution. We did a big promotion with our top 3 standing that went out to customers and future buyers. After this campaign promoting our G2 standing, our marketing manager realized that G2 had tagged us with the wrong employee count, so we contacted them to fix it. After G2 corrected the employee count, we moved to the lowest ranking offering (down 6 spots) with no other change than our number of employees. G2 met with us to review this error and didn't provide any clarity except that their algorithm emphasizes better scores for larger companies. This logic seems ridiculous because if a company is large, it doesn't mean that the specific product reviewed is superior to a smaller company. Often, smaller companies have superior products because it's their primary focus. G2 promised to get back to us to solve this mistake, but we haven't heard back from them in weeks. We've found the experience with G2 to be very disappointing and borderline dishonest. I'm not hopeful that we'll hear back from them. We've discontinued all promotions of our profile on G2.
I do not dislike anything about G2, they fullfill the current needs that we have.
I've had some minor challenges on the backend/admin side but nothing that wasn't resolved quickly by the G2 support staff.
It's super difficult to get in touch with them to actually spend money with. Then when you finally do get in touch with them, they are so slow at updating the product profiles that you may as well do it yourself. We worked with them to update our profile and they told us that if we sent updates on all the listings in a single batch, they would do on the backend. That was on May 17th. Now it's June 10th and they have done precisely nothing. By comparison, TrustRadius updated within two weeks. IT Central haven't stopped emailing us weekly to work out how they can help further. Capterra gave us access within days. G2 is asleep at the wheel, their sales team barely responsive. The sales experience is frankly appalling and substandard.
In the future, I'd like to see a more seamless integration of G2's data with our CRM. That being said, G2 is a very innovative company - and their product gets better all the time.
The only gap is not being able to set filters for competitors and/or our own organizations' activity/signals on the G2 side.  Adding a filtering capability on the G2 platform side would be one thing I would highly recommend to help with some of the noise.
None
With the solution being quite robust, there are a good amount of moving parts to get everything set up.
There is a lot on the screen sometimes which makes it a little overwhelming sometimes.
None
Nothing, honestly. Any (very minor) issues that I've ever had have been promptly addressed, actioned on and resolved by the G2 team in a timely manner.
it doesnt give much infformation on what or who is looking at the data
None
I wish there were a way to customize reference pages and review campaign pages to be a bit more on-brand with my company versus G2's brand.
None
There's nothing I dislike. Haha, except this answer needing 33 characters ;)
It can be pricey, so let's see what it delivers.
- Buyer intent data wasn't so successful for us.  But other than that there's nothing else i can think of. Everything has been great so over the years we've been using G2!
Can't think of any negatives, with G2's continuous evolution of more features, supporting more integrations, and providing enhanced review strategies, they really are the leader for both customer feedback and honest product research. Keep doing what you're doing!
The speed of new updates / features can improve. We'd like to see more insights on Intent signals.
I am still skeptical about the market presence score in their quarterly reports.
Nothing. Ya'll are the bomb. It's not something I dislike, and it probably exists somewhere I just haven't looked into it – a heat map of where people are stopping in their reviews. Perhaps I could make it easier on our customers with that type of information.
The pricing model isn't in line with what we are looking for at the moment.
There is a lot to work with, which can be overwhelming. Highly recommend taking a shared team approach to implementing G2. That being said, the G2 team is highly involved and super helpful.
The admin GUI is slightly too nested in places and it can be hard to navigate if you don't use it on a regular basis. It would be good too if the product categories were a little more granular as the one we are in is not 100% accurate for our market.
Our position on the grid isn't necessarily 100% accurate, but that's not entirely a G2 issue. Other than that, there's not much to dislike!
Sometimes the internal Admin menu setup is a little confusing to navigate. I guess that this is partially because of how many features/options G2 has, but perhaps this could be laid out a little better. Also, some of the ranking metrics G2 uses to place your company in the rankings for appropriate categories don't always seem to relate to product maturity. I.e. the number of employees in a company. I understand that this can, at times, impact product quality, but at the same time - a large company doesn't an excellent product make!
I do not like that the information about the written and rejected reviews is hidden. There have been several instances where reviews written by our clients have been rejected for no good reason. In case there are controversial issues with the review, it would be better to transparently resolve them directly with the product team. The market Presence Scoring algorithm is a bit 'blurry'. We can't directly influence this and your position on the G2 grid. Very long questionnaire, please make it lightweight because it is difficult to get customers to go through all the pages of the questionnaire in order for the review to be qualified for the report. Also, make screenshot a required field, because it's optional now and clients don't add it, but it's a reason for you to reject the review.
There isn't much I can say I dislike about G2. It is an expensive service, but the service you get really makes it value for money, so while I would like it to be cheaper, it isn't because I think its over-priced.
Nothing I can pinpoint or think of at this moment.
Nothing I dislike. I'm pleased with the service.
There's not that much to dislike. However, there are a few navigational things that could be improved a bit when signed in - but that's usually because I forget where they are.   The second thing might be that getting the credit card receipt is a bit complicated when you buy buyer incentive credits from Amazon. We have to go through our rep. to get it. That would be nice to get automatically sent to us.  But I believe they are working on fixing some of this.
Collecting review requires substantial effort as it is quite demanding on the customers.
There is a lot going on, lots of new integrations, always lots of news - that sometimes it feels a bit overwhelming. Maybe some kind of a monthly news reel, like a quick roundup, could be produced and sent out instead of so much static content.
I would love to be able to create my own reports to pull, as to reduce daily comms with my CSM, although he's quick to reply.
Nothing at all. The solution is great and it was a pleasure working with the team
The interface isn't that user-friendly, and some things are a bit hard to find.
The navigation around the admin portal can be confusing and sometimes takes a bit of time to find what I'm looking for.
The pricing is not aleays clear, with additional cost for certain features.
Not a dislike - it would be beneficial to have more visual versions of the G2 content for our marketing
The category we're in can sometimes feels a bit broad or unaudited, meaning sometimes our G2 competitors aren't always our actual competitors. This means our insights, at times, can be irrelevant. As a consumer, I think the layout is good, but if you're logged in as a product admin, I think it can be tricky to navigate and doesn't have a very easy-to-understand layout.
The only thing I would highlight is there were a few issues with incentives being reimbursed to customers on our campain first time round, although this was a small number and was resolved by the team at G2
The pricing is a bit steep, especially for the intent data. While the data is excellent, there isn't the full functionality in the platform or integrations to make it easy to make the most of it.
I find the G2 backend a little overwhelming and difficult to navigate; it would be good if this could be simplified. I also initially found our discovery call a little underwhelming as the Salesperson wasn't overly engaging, but I think this was a one-off. Planning the campaign(s) and exploring the tool takes time, so you will need to set aside sufficient time.
I'm quiet happy with the tool. What is missing is that we don't have the buying stage of the companies in the detailed CSV.
One thing that I would like to see is a breakdown of how G2 scores and ranks the solutions on the platform. I understand, however, that this might lead to some people exploiting the system and so it not a huge deal.
That there are no specific badges for each category eg. if you are a leader in multiple categories you still just get one badge. Nothing else that I can think about :)
Some of the review criteria can be a bit confusing in how it's displayed in the grid standings and results.
I love G2 and consider it the most reliable platform for customer reviews.
I think it's a shame that the premium membership price is quite steep for smaller companies that could also greatly benefit from the marketing tools. Even we had to give it a second and third thought before proceeding.
I find this service expensive for small businesses. It would be nice to be able to try the G2 for a few days for free with all the features. Sometimes I find G2 confusing and I have to search for things in it.
the real difficulty is obtaining reviews. It takes a lot of time to encourage our client teams and get them involved in this mission. It is not easy to get reviews from people who are not directly impacted because they are not employees of our company.  But it's a high value-added job, so we have to take it seriously
Nothing really.   In the beginning, it's a bit confusing to understand what's exactly included in each plan if you're unfamiliar with the names of the platform's features (as there're many of them). It's not a disadvantage, as your managers will eventually walk you through them. But I would recommend that all who think about using G2 on a pro level invest a bit of their time learning what's in the admin panel to ensure better understanding from the beginning.
Nothing so far, we are currently developing our project, and everyone has been very responsive. Even when, from our side, there have been some doubts about how to leverage our presence, the G2 team has been there in every step to demonstrate the value and how we can profit from it.
Beyond a few minor UI tweaks here and there (which are quite subjective) there isn't anything really I'd use the word dislike for. It's be great to be able to have a bit of a trial of some of the more advanced features looked away behind a license upgrade.
G2 is not as known outside the US: for G2 to matter most with our FR and ES customers, I think that it should work on becoming more international, as right now the badges and position on the grids are mostly recognized by US, UKI customers.
G2 is a fantastic platform for gathering authentic reviews. However, this strict process of gathering genuine reviews makes it longer for users to share their feedback. Reviews are often rejected.
Updates to some scoring only occur monthly rather than in real-time
It is too easy for random pages to be created for your products, and even if they are unadopted, customers do not know that whicht can impact search results
I believe the price for the reports is too expensive. Also not being able to use them after the subscription ended seems unfair considering you paid for it.
There is a little uncertainty about reports and how they are calculated. Understandable that it's not totally on display but more heads up comms before deadline would be helpful.
At times I feel G2 is browsed more by competitors than actual buyers.
I don't think we had any serious troubles while running our campaign.
The TTV is longer than expected. We are investing in this project cross-company effort (worth it, of course), but we were not ready to make sure huge investments at first now we want to invest more than we first started. The system works !!!
There is not much to dislike. G2 is always expanding ways to collect and leverage reviews.
Although the paid plan is a little pricey, the platform has many capabilities.
I would love to have more options for exporting reviews to run analyses.
A bit expensive, but what can you do! The value is insane here!
Some of the reports weren't 100% clear to me, but our dedicated CSM quickly returned to us with clarifications.
Pas de vrais inconvénients à relever pour le moment.
Nothing much to dislike! It would be cool if they had the option to translate our profile into different languages.
The leads that we got directly through G2 form fills were not always high quality.
It can be quite time-consuming and taxing to create and maintain profiles, especially if limited on resources
It's not a dislike but it would be super handy if we could connect buyer intent signals with Slack.
Nothing to report. All has been working smoothly.
It can be expensive for smaller companies
Nothing, to be honest. We are completely satisfied with it.
Nothing I dislike. I should dedicate more time to take full advantage.
I would have loved to be able to customize the page that people get to when they start to write a review, being able to describe the process a bit further so the person knows what steps they need to go through in order to submit a review.
Not much to dislike, but sometimes the possibility to customize pages and information even more.
Occasionally the backend UI will have some quirks that get resolved (like lists not scrolling the way I expect, or buttons not leading to where I think they should lead), but even these get resolved rather quickly.
Nothing to dislike really, we are very satisfied.
There's not much to dislike, but I wish our company profile page would be a little more customizable. I'm also not a bug fan of the 'discussions' section as you are nto allowed to curate your own FAQs.
Nothing in specific that is serious, maybe some extra info on how to obtain more reviews
Price increase for renewal was quite a jump in 2022, which wasn't ideal.  Gathering reviews can be difficult due to the need for customers to have to log into G2 in order for them to be validated.  Obviously we understand the need to ensure reviews are genuine and of high quality, but we do get regular push-back from our customers who are willing to leave a review, but have abandoned their review or just won't complete one due to the login requirement and length of the questionnaire.  The screenshot aspect in particular has proved an annoyance for many.  It's a shame badges awarded to software providers are not displayed alongside each providers profile on the software category list.  It'd be a great addition to add extra kudos to profiles.
I would love to creat custom dashboards and reports on my own, not always asking the Customer Success Manager.
Haven't found much to dislike so far. The only improvement I'd suggest is in the widget area - G2 has some of the best review widgets around, but it would be great to have more customisation options to help keep these on-brand when embedding on our website.
When giving a review you have to have a G2 account, if you don't you need to create one before you can leave a review. I feel like is a sticking point for customers.
Something that could be improved upon in my experience so far with G2 is the availability of offerings based on the price point. In my opinion its quite an investment and for that investment I believe you should get more access to portions of the tool.
No significant downsides have been experienced so far.
Product-wise there is nothing I would look to improve at this time. Cost however, is always a factor in our decisions and G2 has a premium offering.
Some small glitches on the dashboard but nothing that your account manager can't help you with. Can't really think about anything else that I dislike.
It would be great to have more widgets we can place on our website
Nothing comes to mind, to be honest. It does seem like G2 swaps teams regularly, which changes our Account Manager(s). But overall, we tend to end up with another good Account Manager, so it's not a huge issue.
The website structure is a little bit complex.
Some technical and integrations-related challenges require escalation to tier 2 support that may take time to sync and resolve efficiently. Lack of sufficient online documentation, best practices and/or case studies for specific use cases involving Hubspot buyer intent integration.
I can't really see any downsides with using this platform. The results all comes down to you as a user.
The website is completely unusable on mobile when logged into admin mode.
We had a trial of the Buyer Intent Tool included in our first G2 package, which we didn't find as beneficial as other similar tools that we use already in this area.
Although there is access to many metrics, it would be great to have a better overview of performance in ALL categories rather than having to view the data for one category at a time. It would also be great to have some comparative reporting and a build-your-own report feature.
There's not much I dislike about G2, the platform works great. It would be great to have a more complete overview on what are the missing pieces that could be affecting product performance - for example showing that our online presence was not strong enough this quarter, etc.
One thing that I dont link is the fact, that you can not chance or edit the questions that are asked in the review process. That means for some of our users, we can not send them the review campaign, because they will be confused by and can not answer all the questions.
When we started on G2, it seemed we got a new account manager every other month (all extremely friendly) it was difficult to build a relationship, but, now it seems to be more stable and we have great communication with our current managers.
Not much; sometimes it's challenging to understand where to find the data you are looking fro as an Admin. But for that we have our great CS team and they are always available :)
I don't have anything I dislike about G2.
I don't dislike anything about the tool; I think you are continuously developing it and releasing a lot of new features. When starting to use the tool, we had some change management-related issues, like how to get started internally. Now we are up and running, and with the support from G2, we are really improving.
Sometimes reviews (especially video reviews) take longer than expected to get past moderation and become public.   The platform offers a lot of marketing and promotion opportunities, which is great but can be overwhelming at times. This requires the necessary level of platform understanding to define priorities as well as additional resources (for a startup of our size and stage) from our team to allocate to the platform, which is often hard to find or specifically dedicate to.
Nothing I dislike about the system. It is pretty advanced and sometimes hard to understand how to maximize, but I'm always learning new things from G2 and how I can improve my work in the system.
Nothing so far, it's easy to use, and it has brought us concrete results.
That you don't see which person or role the person who's been on your G2 site or are looking for your product in general.
It sometimes gets hard to increase our usability in everything the platform offers. I would like to have a more precise onboarding to understand the features better.
There are restrictions on content repurposing related to licensing.
Nothing.   Nothing.    Nothing.   Nothing.
Nothing really comes to mind about the Marketing Solutions themselves, but gathering reviews is key to the success of the marketing material, and some customers express that writing a review can be time-consuming, so that's one thing I guess I can say I dislike. That said, having a slightly higher threshold for review writers is what ensures they're real and credible, so I probably wouldn't want to change it even if it's a bit of a hurdle for some.
Because the scoring algorithm for the grid and rankings change all the time, it's sometimes difficult to keep track of all the things we could be doing to perform better in the reports. However, the CSM team has done a great job keeping us up to date on the important changes.  The other thing I'd love would be the ability to control what data/new accounts we move to HubSpot through the integration. In its current shape, the integration is a bit noisy.
Can't mention anything so far. Even if any issue/question arises, the team supports and answers our questions immediately.
There's nothing I dislike with G2 marketing solution
Nothing comes to mind. I like all the functionality.
I'd love it if it would translate to more traffic to our company website
Sometimes it takes a little while for us to get our reviews reviewed.
This is very specific, but I would appreciate greater integrability with our sales/customer success tech stack. Some of the connectors are there but require manual mapping of contacts, which we do not have the time for.
Nothing much. Sometimes the moderation takes ages, but then again it's because I'm impatient.
I wish there was room for more context from the leads.
Nothing really! it does everything I expect
The market presence scoring puts too much emphasis on the number of employees in a company. This has nothing to do with the quality of the product or service. On the contrary- a small company that has many good reviews with fewer employees is probably better than a big company.
However, all the functionalities we can use with the paid version have not yet sparked a lot of enthusiasm in our company. For example, you don't see why a review has been rejected, there's not much going on concerning intent data, and for paid promotions (ads in your category) you need to pay extra PLUS you have to make sure to secure your spot before your competitor, which hasn't been a pleasant experience so far...especially because there wasn't much traffic generated either by these ads.
The intent data is often incorrect or irrelevant. There seems to be a number of issues with the platform over the past several months where the dashboard doesn't work properly and provides inconsistent data. The dashboard often ignores our ICP/Vertical settings and provides data on irrelevant companies. This causes issues with our ABM strategy. G2's Customer Success/Relationship Team are unhelpful and have litle to no understanding of their own platform. They often make promises to follow up on our issues but never do.  Recently our Customer Success and Relationship Managers dumped us and passed us on to a new Manager who has not taken any time to work with us.
Nothing as of now other than time crunch.
A couple of times reviews have taken a while to be moderated, more than a week.
The G2 algorithm that calculates your Market Presence Scoring is a bit 'blurry'. It is quite challenging to directly influence this and your position on the G2 grid. Your score or position on the grid can also vary from day to day.
I don't have much to complain about. It is hard to directly attribute revenue to a product like this, but our company does believe that it makes sense given our holistic marketing approach.
G2 is very clear at communicating what it is and what it is not. It delivers on its promise, so there's nothing to say here.
Nothing - i love the platform and how easy it is to use
Categorisation can be tricky – there's a sense in which much larger organisations see the benefit of their impact in other areas of business reflected in use cases where they have only minimal (if any notable) presence.
The support team can be slow to respond, and sometimes we have received no response. Our relationship managers are the best way to get something addressed or actioned. Our category does not currently meet the criteria to be included in reports, and it feels like we are missing out on some of the benefits because of this.
The way the product is packaged sometimes is frustrating.
the pricing. Very pricy if you don't know what to do with all the data or you' re lacking capacity.
None for me, looking forward to working together in future projects
Extremely clumsy product ranking system for non-review metrics. Half of the data is incorrect, and half of the data is out of date. Requests to update do nothing. It seems that most specialists do not understand how it works. An extremely annoying robot assistant in the vendor's account pops up every time even though I forbid it every time.
Not all (external) metrics chosen by G2 for the Market Presence Scoring are 100% accurate.
Maybe it would be better to have more transparency on how the overall marketing presence score is calculated as it does not always show the true picture
You can not see the rejected reviews' content which results in no possibility to object to the decision of the moderation team. I think G2 should be more transparent with the companies about this.
Categories are maybe too broad so many times your product is displayed alongside players that are offering a totally different service. So it would be great to refine the categories.
I would love more lead generation opportunities within the platform.
Where do I start? Buyer intent data basically non-existent, which we hoped would play a big part in our lead generation strategy. No visibility on who visits your profile. Links are continually being met by 404 and 500 server errors which became highly frustrating when using the site daily. Customer Success team doing the bare minimum to help resolve issues.
Its very anoying that you have to upload a screendump of having logged in to whatever platform you are reviewing in order to place a review
Missing the level of experience the reviewer has in general and with the specific reviewed product in particular. These should be factored into the general score of the reviewed product.
not having the possibility to list products in all supported categories
I would think of the value of the discussions section. From the vendor's perspective, you have to check if there are no new questions constantly. Also, sometimes the categories don't match the software ideally (tools in the category are not competitors and have just one overlapping feature).
Many useful features are only available in paid packages, and those are costly for firms in Central Europe. Sometimes, they overpromise the usefulness of the feature.
It has been a bit hard for us to incentivize reviews of our solution as many customers find it difficult to access via the log in that some find a bit too complicated.
I cannot really think of any right now :)
There's not really much to dislike. We don't use a lot of the additional features so I can't comment on those too much. There are a few aspects of the UI which could be clearer, but I'm just being picky.
the price is high. no guarantee of the product position
Pricing for premium packages is high, no free trials.
So far there's not much I dislike about it. Occasionally, a review takes longer to approve. It's also tricky to find out who left a review if it's marked anonymous even if we invited specific customers to leave a review for us.
A lot of reviews are being rejected, often for vague reasons. After reconsideration by the G2 team, they are getting approved. So there are a lot of mistakes in review approval procesess.
It would be great to be able to access the tracking links results directly in the platform
I have noting to say on this subject at the moment.
Certain capabilities demand either getting back to the corresponding CSM or take longer than they should in comparison to other tools. E.g. as campaign set-up or charging your account to incentivize reviews.
It's not one size fits all, and even though the g2 matrix has been developed in such a way that no matter where you are in the grid it is viewed as a 'positive' however this is not the case externally as all SaaS services would like to be in the leader quadrant if not the no. 1 spot. The challenge is that if your SaaS service is a niche product offering or a service that is expertise focused it can be extremely difficult to maintain and climb this 'ladder' effectively especially when past reviews are discounted negatively, despite the users and companies still actively using one's product.
The User Interface can be hard to navigate. There are many tabs and it can be hard to remember just exactly what you need to click to find that report had opened the other day.
- Unclear algorithm on Market Presence - No industry filter when it comes to category ranking
Even the entry package is quite pricey, there is no real start-up offering.
Nothing to complain about for now. Everything looks clear to me from the implementation til now.
No dislike as such. However, if you provide billing in country-specific currencies in the future, that would be great.
There is nothing I particularly dislike about G2
I have been happy with the service provided so far and nothing to dislike for the moment
Getting recognized on G2 as a small company can be difficult. There's a big emphasis on the number of new reviews per quarter, and you have to reach a certain amount to be included in their reports.
Probably don't need so many check-ins with the account reps. I know they're just doing their jobs, but it can seem unnecessary at times.
There's nothing that I do not dislike...
so far nothing hasn't worked that we have implemented, our customer support team is full of great advice and best practices
It's been difficult to track exactly how much G2 influences our deals but the data we do have to see who visit our G2 profile has been very helpful for how we react to hot leads.
Sometimes could be easier to go over the review form for the people reviewing it, but overall is a great tool.
1. The way the market presence score is calculated. You can work and work and work on reviews, but if a competitor has worse reviews and better alexa score, they are going to be higher in the list. 2. We cannot find the value of buyer intent. Results seem too generic for the cost of this.
The online site has a ton of helpful information, but the menu navigation names and sub-menus are not always the easiest to navigate. I log in often, and sometimes, it still takes a bit to remember where to go to find exactly what I need.
Some stakeholders do not know about the platform and can be hesitant to share reviews
The layout and structure of the information in the Admin section could be improved, for better clarity and quicker access.
Nothing to dislike really. Well, maybe one thing: review campaigns with a gift card bonus from G2 didn't work for us that good.
No significant complaints overall - the tool is straightforward to use. There are some limitations with what information can be pushed to other platforms like HubSpot, but I know some improvements are in the works.
We rarely got a qualified lead from G2. We had stellar reviews but whatever traffic came to our profile, didn't convert
Honestly, nothing springs to mind..........
I wouldn't say there are any significant downsides - perhaps, we are using just a fraction of the tools available to us heavily, but that's more of a problem on our end rather than the tools being confusing or way too complicated.
How other business rank in catagories when there is not always a great match (comparison is not always apples with apples) which skews the ranking
I would love to see some Geo-based filtering to see if services availability across locations and pricing conversion.
There isn't something we particularly dislike, but we would appreciate a better definition or more specific criteria regarding our category. We sometimes see competitors who may not exactly fit in our category, and that can impact analytics and positioning in the G2 reports.
As with everything, it takes a bit of a learning curve to fully utilize the tools. but the team behind the scenes is great to help where they can and is always positive in their responses
There's nothing I can pinpoint at this time that we don't like about G2.
I can't think of anything I dislike at this moment.
No complaints that I can think of at the moment.
Restrictions in being able to set up campaigns autonomously
The process of data/contact submission can be too demanding.
The only negative is the allocation of funds to landing pages - it is not super intuitive and someone might miss the fact there are no funds in a given LP.
Our issues aren't being resolved as quickly as we would like. The admin panel comes with bugs and problems that sometimes remain there for months at a time.
A customer review expire after 6 month period and partner reviews don't count into report releases
No downsides to Marketing Solutions, however some of our customers found the review process to be hard to understand (like the fact that they need to create an account to leave a review) and also the review questionnaire a bit long
Still very US driven. Sometimes difficult to understand what you pay for
I have been using G2 for an entire quarter, and thus far, I am delighted with the solution and the team support. We are in the early stages of building our review strategy, but we already have seen plenty of reasons to continue building the relationship with G2.
Sometimes the personal dashboards' UX is not very intuitive, but it doesn't take much time to learn how to navigate it.
Building out workflows can take time, it would be great if g2 added another service to set these up for their clients :)
Intent data turned out not to be so useful for us. Our category is less well-known and have fewer visits so intent data never got satureated enough for us.
It's a bit pricy considering that the lead gen options need to be more advanced.
I think the only thing I dislike about G2 is that I cannot generate my own tracking links for the team.  Everything else is great
I would like to have more opportunities to expose our brand within our G2 categories.
There is nothing to dislike about G2 -- the team is really helpful and always looking to help.
I want more ways to segment the data in buyer intent signals/notifications. Having tags for things like B2B & B2C would be a positive move in segmenting the data.
I can't mention anything significant. Maybe there are some minor UX issues within the web dashboard. But this doesn't negatively affect the outcomes.
- I'd like to see the algorithm used in the grid reports (specifically market presence) reviewed to better reflect what's happening in the market. - Adding even more data points to reports would be a great value-add.
If a user creates a new review, the old one will be erased automatically (I would prefer the tool to ask us to choose between the 2 reviews).
We are very happy with the way G2 is working for us.
I have nothing against G2 as such. Everything's working well.
I've heard from clients that there are a bit too much requirements to write a review. Maybe you could change this or change the way that you ask questions.
Nothing to note so far. We've only been working with G2 for a relatively short amount of time but so far it's been a very good experience.
No paid campaigns.  Would love to have more in depth insights about the reviews and users visiting the page
Nothing. These guys are impossible to dislike, professional, friendly and helpful
The fact that the data is too small to be used in campaigns as we don't have enough traffic on G2
I don't have something to dislike in G2.
I haven't come across anything to dislike.
I can't really think of anything, a solid platform all round.
The time it takes for a review to be moderated can be weeks (lately).
The scope of the platform is surprisingly powerful, but the tools that it provides aren't yet integrated, which means that the information is currently siloed in different areas of the platform.
Complete lack of success metrics on whether G2 has helped us.
Gathering reviews every quarter (3 months) is sometimes exhausting. Reducing the frequency is needed.
The cost, it's quite expensive. The buyer intent data is US focused
The G2 score allows for ties, so there can be multiple 1st place positions. This makes it difficult to create a marketing strategy around.
Nothing really. The business plans and prices can be a bit complex in the beginning, but the customer success team is great at explaining and follow up
I find the user interface quite complicated, and I am constantly searching for where to find things. So the front-end is excellent, but the back-end needs improvement.
More transparency and categories can be helpful.
Setting up the review invitations campaign requires CSV files with customer lists that I must prepare in advance. The price for the content package is a bit high for my company's needs.
Not really have anything negative so far.
Not fully understanding why some of our reviews are rejected and how we could better inform our customers. But apart from that, there is little else I could fault about the platform
Other than the profile page, there are not other ways that are available to help educate G2's audience on our company
There is quite a bit of overhead in managing and running all the programs and profiles
So far, I don't have any complaints. Mark and Henry have been really helpful and thorough in helping us get to grips with the features and make the most out of them.
We initially had some teething issues with being notified when budgets ran out, which was quickly actioned by our AM. It can be hard to track leads that come from G2. Sometimes the buyer intent isn't directly indicative of in-market opportunities.
I don't have the time to discover all the great things you can do with G2.
The process for end customers to submit a review is a bit lengthy and can be offputting. The contract side of things can be more complex than it needs to be; it could also benefit from being more flexible.
I can't think of any functionality that I dislike at the moment
That I often do not have enough time. Sorry for that! Still so happy to have you!
Nothing. Only wish I had some more time on my end to make the most of G2!
Nothing comes to mind; the service is flexible to fit our needs.
G2 is a must-have for every SaaS that wants to make a real name for itself, and I'm stressing that even though it isn't cheap, it's still worth the investment.
It would be great to extract more data with our current plan.
There isn't anything that I particularly dislike about the G2 platform. The only thing I'd say is that I wish we had some more insight into the buyer intent feature, but that is an add-on with extra costs associated.
There isn't anything I disliked about working with G2
There isn't anything we dislike. We'd love to use G2 intent data in Zoominfo but sadly that requires a package upgrade
While having each review checked makes the site more respected (and, hey, that's why it's so great), it does mean it's pretty hard to get people to fill out reviews.
Nothing, some small improvements can be done in the admin site but isn't that a challenge for every SaaS company out there. ;D
We wish we could do more with the buyer intent data. The salesforce integration didn't work for us.
It would be great to have the option to edit information about my company directly from the dashboard.
Cant think of anything in particular to be honest
Sometimes the reviews aren't accurate. It is reassuringly hard to get them removed!
If a user does not mention his name while sharing a bad review, you can send a notification, but you won't know the reviewer. In order to improve ourselves, we prefer to reach out to the reviewer directly and have a clear plan with him. In case we know the reviewer, it is straightforward for us to contact and apply a quick mitigation plan. You can't generate the personal link and follow the incoming reviews per CSM. For this, we have a great CSM, Jatin Chaudhari, that is doing a great job setting up the scheduled reports.
nothing so far, everything with G2 is fantastic
I find the deadlines between the G2 awards very tight. It's hard for small and medium businesses to set up new campaigns in short amounts of time.
There's a need to recruit new 5-star customer reviews consistently or you could lose traction with competitors. This doesn't necessarily add a ton of incremental value to marketing activities.
I wish there was more flexibility in how the reviews were structured
We are not able to link our G2 reviews to the Salesforce AppExchange yet.
I don't necessarily have anything that I dislike with G2, all my experiences have been positive for the most part. If I do come across any negative experiences, I'll be sure to add another review.
I don't think it is a downside but it would be really helpful if we can get more insights on competition.
I dislike at times that some reviews get rejected and there might not be a completely clear reason as to why (although it does provide a bit of context) - so the filtering is good to an extent, but more transparency would be good in that area.
There is not a lot of transparency to how things are calculated.  I would like if everything was public on how things were measured to be able to create a strategy.
I occasionally wish that there was less of a desire to game the system, which is relatively easy to do with G2. Sometimes I feel like our position on the grid and within G2's algorithm isn't a true representation of our market share and perception, and that can be frustrating to overcome. That said, the algorithm is what it is, and it's all about maximizing the potential of your profile.
It was a bit difficult getting the buyer intent data integrations up and running but our support team have helped walk us through our questions and get everything ready to go. They've been very supportive and responsive in regards to that. I also dislike that we cannot customize the campaign emails coming from G2 but have been finding creative ways around sending campaigns on our end. We are a global company and have difficulty with having customers outside of the US trust the site but the more visibility we get the better results we see.
There are still a few bugs in the admin-ui
There's nothing in our relationship with G2 that I would describe as unhelpful or counter-productive. It's fair to say that we had to invest some time adapting standardized G2 processes to our business, given specifics like our deal sizes, sales cycle, internal capacity etc. but they always met us in the middle with this.
based on company base we are able to target people on linkedin not on individual base
Nothing much but only the portal dashboards were little slow in loading becaus of the other pages would recommend G2 to get better graphical pages along with all the required designs
Price can be pretty expensive, however, given the offerings I believe the cost makes sense.
So far only positive feedback! Whenever I need support i receive it and get solutions.
It covers a wider range of software with a most user friendly interface and i thinks that's what one factor that I don't like because it will be possible that people might be confuse with the feedback per software and cannot come up to a decision if what's trustworthy software to use.
The only thing I dislike about G2 marketing solutions is the website sometimes takes me to another page without clicking on it, but overall everything is perfect.
Currently, the use of G2 has generated a complete and correct solution to my needs. so I couldn't say something I don't like about this great system.
The system that rates your score doesn't make sense to the user...you can get multiple great reviews yet the score doesn't move and no one has been able to tell me what goes into the score and how it's weighted
I think G2 is yet to cover so many softwares available in the market which are not so known to people.
This platform is an all-in-one marketing solution with significantly lesser downsides. However, for reviewers, a delete option for unpublished reviews can make them more feasible for their selection.
G2MarketingSolutions: Nothing much on disliking it but I would rather suggest looking into affordable pricing and plan.
No negatives to mention, G2 gives you the freedom to discover a wide variety of products while also displaying their reviews so you can make an informed decision.
Maybe do the grid reports every 6 months instead of every quarter. Make it a bit more exclusive and difficult to get in to the reports.
The categories are sometimes a little unclear.
I am excited to explore more of the integrations to imbed it into sales process further
Ability to integrate with cams for intent data
Unfortunately,G2 is not that used in Brazil and therefore sometimes it doesn't work that well.
It's fairly easy to set up so I am not sure of anything yet that I don't like.
I´m working on learning better the ranking and also buyer intent integration with hubspot.
The inital amount which begins with a Lakh of rupees and can't be afforded by small enterprises or new start-ups
The tool is super extensive, so it takes a while to really understand how things work and take advantage of all the features available. The analytics can be a bit of a mystery.
Listing my company in some category was difficult.
Nothing top of mind, I see G2 setting the bar for peer review sites
There are way too many badges and reports in G2.
Review verification is not always accurate. Real reviews are being left out or rejected. There is no appeals process or way to see who the feedback is from so we are missing reviews. There should be a way for a company to verify that the reviewer is actually real.
I do not have any complaints with G2 sa they have helped us a lot.
The moderation process is almost too in-depth... I find that sometimes verified reviews are rejected. The process is also lengthy and can be overall annoying compared to other review sites.
G2 itself is extremely janky. We had to write up & justify the category that we belong in because G2 didn't understand our industry. We needed to explain why we should or shouldn't be tucked up underneath other categories. We needed to explain, in long-form, why certain companies they identified as our competitors should not even *be* in the category they threw them into.  Talking with Monty, he literally could not even recognize our product category and instead provided to me pages of unrelated market segments. When I gave him the exact page in G2 that I was referring to it said "I don't have access to live G2 database but I rely on set of structured database information which I currently lack for [my company's category]."  While we had initial traction in getting reviews once we signed the contract, that dried up quickly (after 1-2 months) and then we haven't gotten *any* reviews in the past half-year.  I wish I got sentiment analytics on the page even if someone *didn't* leave a review. I wish there was a way to know how many users were "watching us" or whether they had a positive brand sentiment. I can see pageviews, but I wish I could tell if folks were "subscribed" to our brand. So we could push updated information to those who had more than passing interest.
Our experience with G2 Intent has generally been positive. The platform excels in identifying purchase intent, providing valuable insights that have significantly impacted our strategic decisions.
I have no complaints at this time. The G2 team is very responsive to any questions or concerns that we have.
It's been a very good experience so far. One call out is that some feature asks (e.g, more granularity in what Slack notifications are sent) took a very long time to be implemented (>9 months). This was an essential for the Slack notifications be useful for us.
No downsides to G2. They were able to sort through all my questions and concerns.
Nothing comes to mind as we have had a very positive experience.
There are quite a few features so there is still a lot of functionality for us to uncover.
Due to our organizational structure and priorities we aren't able to make full use of all the G2 tools, content, and integrations available. For what we are paying in subscription fees, this can sometimes be challeging to justify as an expense.
Its not really a G2 thing but I wish I could get the team to spend more time with as it really is a game changer.
The market presence and G2 scoring for reporting needs to be fixed. I also think the intent audience should not be an add on but included with your esential subscription.
We do want to promote some of our performance but with new results coming out all the time and the landscape always changing, it is difficult for us to commit to the additional spend for a content subscription so we haven't done it so far.
Its product-based approach poses a challenge for businesses with multiple products like ours. Our customers are familiar with our overarching brand, making it difficult for us to obtain reviews that are specific to each individual product.
There are quite a few different pieces to manage with G2 and it can be quite overwhelming at first, but it all starts coming together after a while. The integrations seem to be more complicated than we initially thought, but that isn't uncommon.
For companies with a large product ecosystem, you may experience limitations with how much you can do across multiple product pages (depending on your subscription). G2 Categories don't always align 1:1 with the products we offer, which can sometimes poorly position us against other companies within the category. As more unique AI products and tools emerge, I'd love to see G2 keep pace with corresponding categories.
Can be expensive to get access to certain features and hard to measure ROI
Cannot replicate grid report unless paid content subscription.
I have not found a disadvantage to using G2 after using it for 4 yrs.
It can be a challange to grow organically if your products are not already well-known, so it requires investment. IT's still important to have a presence on the platform.
The simpleness of the questions makes it easy to source higher quanitity of reviews, but the quality of feedback we receive is often less than ideal. We'd love to get more in-depth review responses from our customers.
Wish there was a way to capture additonal leads through this platform (i.e. a PPC program).
They could have more connectors, specifically to Salesforce.
There can be an over-indexing on review volume and recency and not as much of an emphasis on the quality of review, the content, or how Marketing teams are utilizing reviews which can be difficult for Marketers wearing a lot of hats.   It's important to strike a balance of review quality and quantity, to respond to reviews, and to be disciplined in taking advantage of all that reviews have to offer Marketing teams today.
I really had to think hard to find somewhere G2 falls short and the ONLY thing I've been able to come up with is some of the marketing assets in the vendor portal are only available via HTML embed code and sometimes we need them in JPEG form. But if you reach out to your CSM, they'll get that for you very quickly.
Nothing to dislike just have to put in effort to get results
There is nothing I dislike about G2. We have been successful in all the programs we have run with G2.
There are very few dislikes! One downside is that it is an investment in budget, however we find a ton of value from it!
The only downside I have come across compared to some other platforms is that we can't run a paid lead generation campaign through G2
It would be nice to have more control over what questions we could ask when we are cunducting our own review outreach.
It can be overwhelming to learn all the features and to use the utizile them correctly.
Wish suite profiles had badges and grids to promote
The only downside we experience with G2 is that there are not as many of our competitors that use it, so our category is not robust enough yet to have a report created, which would be a great marketing piece for us.
My biggest concern is that the leads we are sourcing are not converting at the rate that we would like them to convert, and that is a pity. But we have seen better performance since we modulated our strategy, so I do hope that the trend will stay possitive.
Not enough granularity to weed out the mostly junk signals we get; i.e "property managetemnt' software when we need "commercial property management'
Because it's a robust platform, there are many features and it can take a while to learn to navigate quickly and easily.
The review approval process is a bit rigid. I'd appreciate the ability to review/approve/dispute reviews on our end, like we have with some other peer insight platforms.
Not easy to see all companies who feature in a higher position than us in the category league tables in the portal unless we're 5th or higher (eg where we're ranked 8th, I can see the top 4 ranked companies followed by us, but not who's 5th-7th)
The reviews generation sometimes maybe not very genuine. Its is all about quantity and less about quality and in between that the authenticity of the review is sometimes lost.
I have no issues at this time. Only thing I note is that while we have a lot of reviews, there is a strong weight put to recent reviews and in my opinion not enough weight put on older reviews.
It would be nice to have some integration capabilities with the essential tier subscription.
The only thing that I don't really like is that it some leads don't directly integrate.
It can be difficult to keep content fresh with the quarterly updates to new badges published. Would recommend switching to a bi-annual badge release calendar.
it was unfortunate that we had guite a bit of "bad actors" slip though at the beginng causing us to lose numerous review dropiing ur ranking unexpectidly - granted we have experience bad actors with other vendors thus nature of the incentivized ask
No current downsides. I have been an admin on a larger marketing team and a smaller, and have not run into any issues.
Clients may get dissatisfied if G2 Marketing Solutions' marketing techniques don't meet their goals or produce the desired outcomes.
It would be nice to offer some different incentive options like charitable donations for our pubsec or finserv clients who have strict guidelines for accepting gifts.
It can get expensive, but our G2 team has helped us make it worth the investment.
Nothing to state here at this time. We've really had a positive experience so far.
There's nothing I don't like about G2 platform
I believe the limitation is due to privacy considerations, but contact-level targeting/insights would be preferable to account-level/company lists. There are only 3 levels of Buying Activity and Intent, it would be nice to be able to customize that further, i.e. "X visits to our page during the time frame", or "visited at least Y number of product profiles in the category"
So far we haven't run into downsides of using G2.
No downside that I've found after using it for 2+ years.
The ambiguity of some product/company presence in some markets.
Nothing - G2 is an excellent platform in itself
The only thing I feel that would be helpful would be to have an easier process for those who want to leave a review, a lot of the times clients don't want to sign in or create an account and have an issue with connecting their socials.
This may be somewhat unique to our organization, but their campaigns are less impactful if your product doesn't fit one of their defined categories. It can be difficult to rise above the 'noise' in some of the broader categories.
Honestly nothing, G2 is constantly adding on new features and helping us make sure we are fully taking advantage of what is available to us.
There isn't much I disklike about G2's Marketing Solutions. I would like to be able to pick a few more categories that our product could fall into, but that is about it!
No significant dislikes identified during my experience with G2 Marketing Solutions so far.
Review requirements are less strict than other product review platforms, and reviews can sometimes be on the lighter side from a content perspective.
I wasn't around when we first started using G2 so I don't have any knowledge around implementation.
There really isn't much to dislike about G2, I would recommend it to everyone to use as a 3rd Party review site.
Nothing to dislike! I've been satisfied with G2 so far.
I have not encountered anything that I dislike about this platform.
It would be useful to have an easier way to export all reviews into an CSV with all questions, not just an overview
G2 might need to create stronger links with senior management and leadership in organizations - and capture their voice.
The biggest downside is not being able to incentivize reviews for non-subscribed products. I feel like this unfairly skews ratings and reviews across products. I wish that the platform offered an annual or bi-annual option for all vendors to load funds for an ad-hoc review collection campaign without vendors having to pay for an entire subscription. Also, we gather many reviews through review sourcing campaigns, but the reviews often times aren't the highest quality, because the review form is very simple. I wish their was a middle ground of the intricateness of the G2 & TR review forms. There is also a frequent tech issues that I run into when I'm inside the vendor portal. When I'm switching from a subscribed product to a non-subscribed product and back to a subscribed product, the subscribed product info begins to display like a non-subscribed product. I always have to refresh the page and navigate directly back to the subscribed product for the normal view to resume.
We could have a deeper insight into competitive analysis especially while compring page ranks and review content
One potential downside could be the cost of their services, which may be a concern for some businesses. However, the return on investment often outweighs the initial investment.
So far I couldn't find something negative.
I have not explored Lead generation options much but what i have heard from colleagues in the industry is that it is a bit cumbersome.
The review process can be long for customers and hard to navigate. Additionally: It can be expensive for some marketers, especially small businesses or startups, who may not have the budget to invest in G2’s products and services. It can be challenging to convert the leads generated by G2 into paying customers, as they may not be ready to buy or may have different expectations. And, it can be competitive to stand out among the thousands of software vendors who are also using G2 to market their solutions, and to maintain a high ranking and rating on G2’s categories
I would like to be able to purchase certain solutions a la carte versus having to upgrade to another tier to gain access to those solutions.
The backend has a lot of details and is not always intuitive.
There is nothing I dislike about G2 Marketing Solutions.
The only thing I'd like to update is the creation of filters of data coming into MAP/CRM.
When you are positioned next to American giants, the search has more technical approach and it makes it harder to users with less familiarity with business software
Nothing comes to mind.  I really appreciate this tool.
I wouldn't mention this, except being asked to finish this recommendation. Tiny little thing, I was confused when trying to change my company description.
So many features are paid, and also the software which is paying more will be listed higher in the list regardless of the reviews count.  The review process is very long for our customers, it would be much better only to ask a few questions (like what you like / dislike) and make all other fields optional ...
