G2 has helped our customers publicly validate us to prospects and has helped us build pipeline and be considered for opportunities where we likely would not have been found otherwise. Also it has aided as a great validation point for customers in meetings and demo's as to our market profile and position.  It has helped us need less reference calls and enabled our customers to have a more open and valid place to voice their opinion on us.
It showcases a wide range of vendors with unbiased and helpful reviews for evaluating solutions within your organization. This helps companies accelerate their marketing efforts and sales cycles when shared effectively.   The smart grid is also a really great way to show how your company is perceived in the market place.  Quarterly reports are very detailed and are helpful overviews for companies trying to evaluate vendors. 
Great way to build our brand in a new space, by leveraging user success. Also, Alex Pike did a great job of helping us understand the value of the platform when we first started.
The end to end service and process has been the highlight to my experience. Advocately has ensured our success by assisting us with implementing our review campaigns. They've consistently optimised our process to achieve our goals.
Advocately facilitates a continuous flow of great reviews of your product or service on the top review sites across the web. We have had excellent service and it is clear that Advocately is committed to getting the best results for their clients. They have a vision for this space that I have not seen before, and it is a welcome innovation. 
It works exactly as intended. Promoters get pro-active outreach for review requests in a way that is not over-the-top. The team at advocately have made themselves available at every step in the onboarding journey as well. Great service
We were previously using engagement as a criteria for requesting a review (which we were doing manually). The blend of using NPS along with the automation Advocately provides means we are getting a higher volume of higher quality reviews for less work.
Getting reviews is an integral part of any (online) business these days but the process can be very time consuming and hard. With Advocately the entire process is automated which is a huge work load lifted. After the initial setup you just let the system do the work for you, the support is great and the product works like a charm. I can highly recommend Advocately to anyone who relies on reviews! 
We are getting our promoters to write reviews online and refer their friends at an extremely high rate!  We can link the results from this back to revenue.
Advocately helped us reach out to our top promoters and helped build out our reviews across our different platforms.
Being in Customer Success, it is extremely important to know how your customers feel about your product and service and getting constant feedback is absolutely necessary. With Advocately, we get an all-in-one platform that gives us the data we need to help us engage better with our clients.
Advocately helps us to automate the process of reaching out to get reviews from customers that love our product. Another feature I like is the ability to explore which users are our net promoters. This is much potential to continuously refine our market segments using this tool.
Advocately has provided us on the best insights to run our NPS campaign and to generate the reviews that are essential for customer advocacy in the SaaS solutions industry.   They identified what works best for us in terms of getting a favorable response rate from the NPS surveys and we really have moved forward from there.
Advocate.ly is extremely easy to use. Patrick was very helpful in setting us up on the platform. The integration and set up was quick, templates were provided to get the best result. Everything is engineered for our success, i am very happy with the platform. 
As a Community Manager I am responsible for crafting and executing our advocate program. Perhaps the most challenging aspect of creating an advocate program is finding the advocates. Advocately has eliminated challenge. The advocates, through Advocately, came to me! Not only do I now have a growing list of advocates, but I am able to see exactly what they love about our software. This enables me to push feedback to the marketing, development, and customer success teams so that we can enhance what people love.  Aside from the actual product, Patrick and Lachlan are amazing. Support, response times, and personality are all 10/10. You guys rock!
The support, and the experience the Advocately founders bring in having done exactly what Advocately promises for a SaaS business just like ours. The offering is spot on, and simply works. 
I used to go through a lot of steps to get reviews. I was probably spending 5-6 hours a month to get reviews. There were so many manual steps and we would barely get any reviews out of it. It always felt worth it because our Brand and reputation is very important to us. Now, with Advocately, I just set up campaigns and they take care of the rest. We initially tested it out on 40 users and within that we produced 20 reviews!!!!! The same subset of users would probably would have produced 2 or 3 reviews within my old process.   Also, the support has been amazing! Patrick has extremely helpful at setting us up and guiding us through the onboarding process. He has been very flexible in the hours he has helped and I've always very quickly got a response to questions. 
Advocately is very easy to use and we’ve received outstanding support from their team. It helped us understand our customer’s requirements better. We were able to see results in just a few months! 
At Saleswhale, we are new to NPS and getting customer reviews on G2 Crowd. At first, I was concerned that it was going to be hard to get all these up and running manually, but Advocately has made getting setup a breeze for us.  And within the first day of getting setup on Advocately, we ran our first NPS survey, got dozens of responses, which Advocately then automatically reached out to - and we got our first 5 star review on that day itself.  Support from Patrick has been top-notch, and he was very patient and helpful in walking us through the entire process from start to finish.
Tells you what categories a company falls into, who they're competitors are, and what it's strengths/weaknesses are in the market place by way of customer reviews as well as their own analysis.
G2Crowd is a great resource in understanding comparative reviews when it comes to understanding customer satisfaction, competitor analysis and the benefits to using certain solutions.
G2Crowd enables us to be able to show how well our product works, how customers view us and close more deals because of it.
G2 crowd has allowed us to let our customers speak directly to our customers. As a sales person, I don't want to constantly be bogging down my customers with asking them to give a reference for prospects who aren't far into the sales funnel. G2 crowd allows me to provide referrals to prospects, without having to annoy my customers, before my prospects are fully qualified. I also love the full transparency required by G2, as my customers can trust that the information they are getting is trustworthy.
The reviews, especially the fact they include 'what do you dislike' as well as 'what do you like'.  It gives a much more rounded picture.  The grids are useful, so too the ability to run grids based on user segment.  I also like the side-by-side comparisons.
Easy to setup, Best Support and good pricing!  
G2Crowd's platform is a great way to drive advocacy from your customers. Asking clients to review your product is a sure way to know how they actually feel about you, and in return you're empowering sales with a easy way to reach our for references pre-sales.
This is my second time working with G2 and I'm impressed by recent enhancements to the platform, particularly the buyer intent activity data and the intuitiveness of the backend. Our sales team is really excited to find accounts with potential need for our solution that they wouldn't necessarily have uncovered otherwise.  I also appreciate the G2 team, they are easy to work with, helpful, thorough, and dedicated to making sure we get the most out of our investment.
I like how easy it is to run reviews campaigns and leverage the tools in your listing to market you business. Have our listings on G2 Crowd has helped us tremendously in building trust and credibility with out prospects and close more business.
Gina Carr goes the extra mile . She is a huge help and a pleasure to work with. There is a real commitment on her part to help her clients succeed
We've received decent service pretty consistently. The online platform is easy enough to work through. Leads are just okay.
Overall, I am very happy with G2 Crowd. We are able to drive high quality leads to our sales team. Our reps are also great, fast to respond and always helpful.
G2 Crowd's team is amazing to work with! They are always very responsive and are always proactively reaching out to make sure we get the best results of the programs we are running. You can't get a better CSM than Andrew Ledet! 
G2Crowd has invested heavily in advertising their brand versus the other review sites.  As a result they have a much bigger quantity of reviews.  So it has traction now and people trust it to create a shortlist and to determine what others think.
G2 Crowd provides a very impartial and fully verified technology software review forum. The technology sections are well defined and nicely summarized.  Overall, it's very professional and you can actually count on the review provided since they can't be manipulated by the vendors.   Really like the way that we can embed the review widgets on our own website with links to our optimized landing page.  The environment provides a great user experience for visitors to our website and illustrates how open we are to input from our customers. The style of review presentation is also very easy for visitors to consume. It's similar to consumer based review sites, but with much higher data quality.  We count on the fact that prospects reading our reviews can trust the customer input.
I really enjoy working with G2 Crowd for a few reasons, one of them being their customer support. The team at G2 Crowd has worked hand in hand with Certify to create custom content to better suit our needs and help position Certify stronger in the selling process.   From a technology standpoint, I really value the competitive analysis aspect of G2 Crowd. The fact that a prospect can search and compare over 1,000 reviews on expense management in minutes and rank the top performing vendors is really invaluable. Having this Yelp-like review process for business software has allowed us to showcase our strengths against competitors and replace the traditional client referral process. 
I originally signed up with G2 Crowd to generate awareness of our solution as they had the most product/ competitor reviews for our industry (PR tools and media targeting) and had a robust process to help you generate reviews for products. But I was blown away, when on top of awareness and SEO magic, G2 Crowd has also become a key source of sales leads for us. 
The configuration and on-boarding process for a vendor is very straightforward, intuitive and yet comprehensive. I also like the experience provided by G2Crowd to users researching products. It is fluid and informational. 
I like the clean look and feel of the website. They also have instant chat which is nice if you have a question that you need answered really quickly. The CSM I have is knowledgeable, responsive and helpful.
I've appreciated the opportunity to get honest reviews from our customers. It's opened up the opportunity to hear their feedback and also showcase our value to prospects.   Additionally, I've loved the customer support I've gotten from Mark! He's always been incredibly helpful, friendly, honors his commitments, and holds me accountable for getting our campaign done!
We are in a competitive marketplace and we rely on G2 Crowd to help us stand out from our competitors.  
I think the Customer Success Management team is really accessible and helpful when I have questions.
I've used G2crowd now for over 3 years at different companies and we continue to utilize them as a trusted vendor because of the ability to gather feedback from clients quickly and easily. By running review campaigns we can uncover what areas of focus we need for our product and how to identify new advocates for our programs. The grid reports also help us stay relevant to our competitors and the marketplace.
It's a great resource if you're looking for honest reviews on a software solution. You can read through both the good and bad about a particular offering, so that you can walk into purchase decisions much better informed. 
Site is so easy to use - even for the most non-tech person like me! Also, G2 Crowd team is very responsive when you have questions or concerns and does their best to either fix the problem or get others from the extended team involved to resolve or come up with a viable and workable solution. One very nice capability is the widget tool. I love that it's embedded in the admin portal and it's super easy to understand and share. It's definitely something that I will use to help socialize the customer reviews. 
-Reading feedback from customers has been amazing!  We've been encouraged by how much people love Bonusly, and the reviews have had great ideas.  -Also, our onboarding specialist Anna was helpful, friendly, flexible, and responsive. I always had the information I needed and we got off to a great start. 
Based on SatisMeter NPS, Advocately absolutely geniously helped us double the number of positive reviews in Capterra for just 1 month. We love personal attitude and great service. The system is easy-to-use, we enjoy UX. We look forward to bringing new reviews about Mailigen. Because review websites and reviews are one of the best traffic sources for us. 
G2 is a great sales and marketing resource for our company. It provides lead generation and content as well as an opportunity to harness genuine feedback from our customers. 
I enjoy the ease of logging in and seeing how the pages I own are performing and doing. Navigating is straightforward.
I love being able to reach out to Walter with any questions I have. I also love how many reports G2 Crowd offers related to rankings, usability, service, and support!
Kara DeWalt has been a friendly and responsive rep . She's quick to make suggestions and help out with our different marketing options.  Kara has been awesome!  The reviews written on G2 Crowd are comprehensive and very useful for consumers.   They're growing their marketing tools, and we're trying a few of them out.   I like the backend options for building out our profile to best educate our prospects on the value of our service. You can upload videos, FAQs, and key details about the software.  Their reporting features are relevant and accurate as well.  Love their award badges as a great form of social proof.
It''s too easy for companies to post anonymous quotes from supposed customers.  Too many reviews are cliches.  G2 offers us a legit third party system and the reviewers are all validated through LinkedIn.  
I thoroughly enjoy the G2 Crowd tool.  It's very easy to use and navigate.  I recently set up close to 10 pages for my organization and everything was very seamless.
Very simple to get started bringing in detailed reviews from happy customers, the team is always available to help out and come up with new ideas. 
Everything on the site is streamlined and intuitive for both the user and the vendor. They offer lots of features to utilize as a vendor, and they have a lot of things that help you promote your page.
1. Overall good approach - good to collect customer feedback 2. Most players seem to prefer G2Crowd
Easy to work with. Review campaigns are a great way to get reviews kicked off. Accounts team is proactive in finding you ways to increase reviews and exposure. 
The concept - customer reviews for B2B products.  The simplicity.  They are the leaders in this area.
The depth of criteria that G2 Crowd puts together the reports are very granular and thorough. For an underdog brand like ourselves, this credibility was invaluable. The team was super helpful in helping navigate the product and strategize with execution on our end. 
Creating a profile on G2 Crowd gives an opportunity to build a comprehensive overview of your product/service.
we get leads from them. they also provide analytics on your page.
The onboarding process went very smoothly. If we had a question or concern, G2 Crowd's onboarding staff answered  all emails and phone calls within the hour. The service we received was impeccable.
I like the wealth of  info and tools for related to our product reviews. As well, G2 Crowd's handling of the campaign to acquire ouru reviews was smooth and simple.
G2 Crowd is an intelligent solution that's easy to use. Any busy software company will be able to get started quickly—and there is plenty of help along the way from the G2 Crowd team to optimize your listing.  The G2 Crowd review formatting is so much better than other platforms, set up in a way that encourages lengthy feedback. Reviews we see here from our happy customers are always super detailed and useful, giving us golden insights we can use for customer success, sales, and marketing intelligence.  We've been extremely impressed by the level of support from G2 Crowd. This likable team is with you every step of the way, because they truly care about your company's success.
G2 offers a powerful medium for our software users to share their experience with the world.  We're able to differentiate ourselves and provide references to potential new customers prior to ever engaging with them.
Team is very personable and easy to talk to. The platform is simple enough to use in the back-end, everything is labeled clearly and I don't feel like I am lost looking for what I need.
I love being able to contact Kara from G2 Crowd at any time about anything! She helps me fill out the profile and give me suggestions on how to take full advantage of it!
The platform is very user friendly and the customer service are fast and responding back to question
 From an ender user's perfective  g2 crowd provides unbiased and "real world" facts for those  in the process of selecting a Saas product . From a Vendor Perspective,  the quality and consistency of leads we have received is  very much above average .
G2 Crowd provides an easy-to-use service that allows our customers to quickly create testimonials and describe their use. It's a great resource for prospective customers researching emergency notification software. We often use it in our email marketing to prospective customers.
The reviews feature has helped us out in gaining credibility and increasing brand awareness.
It provides our prospects and current clients a destination spot to to learn about Oceanos directly from our customers. 
G2 Crowd is a great review platform that allow prospects to educate themselves about software by reading the experience of other users. We include review snippets on our Customers Success Stories website page and email campaigns. 
Their customer service is excellent. No question goes unanswered for long. They always provide a prompt and thorough response.
G2 Crowd gets great traffic, even in my company's lesser known product category. By pushing the pageviews to Slack via Zapier the entire sales and marketing team can easily get a sense of how many people are landing on our page every day. It's between 10-15. G2C isn't a huge source of demo requests, but the awareness from this website is good.  CSMs are very responsive (thanks Mark!)
Transparency of customer feedback to public channels. 
It makes our lives much easier and as they are verified users, its genuine.  There's nothing to hide, which promotes good partnership.  
Personally, I love the reports they generate which help us make key marketing idea decisions which we roll out on our sites each quarter.
I like the analytics components. It’s quite interesting to see which companies are comparing us to which vendors.
The reporting functionality and insight into customer needs. The ability to give customers and prospects insight into their peer's thoughts  The support I have received thus far.
G2Crows is the best unfiltered and comprehensive platform to learn about strengths and weaknesses of various b2b tech in the market both established and contending.  The comparisons are also great because they turn unstructured written reviews into actionable and measurable data across a range of metrics.  This means a decision maker can choose to focus on overall ratings, specific features, or the various rich and qualitative reviews.  What's more, all of this is based on validated profiles, so no fake reviews. 
It's the age of the customer, let's face it. Which means as marketers we must embrace the voice of our customers to build brand and drive demand. G2Crowd Marketing Solutions not only allow us to manage a branded profile - host assets for download and offer various CTAs for lead gen purposes, but they also help in ensuring your company follows best practices when it comes to recruiting and leveraging reviews. In addition, they offer super valuable competitive comparison reports to help your sales team deposition the competition, shorten sales cycles and ultimately win more deals! Lastly, they've got a wealth of data that your marketing team can leverage for better intel and retargeting purposes. Also, kudos to Matt Lazares, our client manager, who has been stellar to work with -- smart and knows how to work with his clients to ensure they get the most impact out of their investment. 
G2Crowd is an essential customer touchpoint in our audience's evaluation and buying process. It allows us to invite our customers to review/promote us online where others are looking, we can brand our page and we can capture contact information of those interested in a solution like ours. And when we need our account manager is there to help!
I'm an admin for two products for my company. As a marketer, this platform is easy to manage, edit widgets, and pull from for my own use (social media, website promotions, email, etc). The user interface is clean, easy to navigate, and a great tool for our sales reps to use.  The customer service and sale reps have helped us make this an successful marketing campaign. Giving us great ideas to push these reviews in multiple ways. And THEY reach out to our customers for the reviews! I love when vendors help with heavy lifting. 
Makes it easy to generate more product reviews for our SaaS tool. It's very easy to setup and follows a logical process. Our tool is multi-language and this is easily supported with Advocately. 
The great custom on boarding by the account team has helped us set up a successful review campaign very fast.  This platform has added a new dimension to our demand gen and marketing programs. The unbiased review platform is a great tool for presenting our product to buyers in the research stage and educating them about our product.     It's been a great way to gather customer feedback in a simple and trustworthy format, which makes it easier to share with new clients. Overall an amazing experience, and we have been thrilled to see how much our customers love the Falcon platform! 
G2 Crowd is a great platform to help promote customer advocacy and gather reviews from users. As a profile admin, its easy to update our page, add features, and invite our customers to submit their reviews.
Working with Tony Furnas was the absolute best, he was insightful and very supportive as we looked for ways to increase the quantity and quality of our reviews in order to improve our online reputation.
I love how the reviews are filtered and how well customers are featured. The ability to do direct compares against competitors is also a plus to see exactly where we are. 
Works like a parallel website, generating brand awareness and leads
Everyone is extremely helpful when it comes to any questions we may have. High response rate as well.
G2Crowd has been invaluable to help build our referral program, and to help support our Sales team in the past. Reviews are quick and easy to fill out, and help foster customer advocacy.
Advocately has heavily increased our online  customer reviews through  friendly effective campaigning. The set up was so simple,  their  integration specialist had us live after having had 1 call together.
Sending personalised emails via gmail to our "promoter" customer base in the background with little input from us. 
We are seeing great prospects and customers coming to G2Crowd for unbiased opinions and reviews that help SpringCM get off to a great start in a sales or upsell cycle.  For instance one of our largest deals closing this quarter will come from a prospect that was not engaged with us previously that went first to G2Crowd, then contacted us through www.springcm.com and signed for a multi-six figure initial deal value.   The business model of G2Crowd gives comfort in that the information was not paid for or biased in any way, which helps us greatly in the initial stages.
My favorite feature is the comparison grid that allows prospects to see how we stack up against our competitors and the focused profile that we can send to prospects.
1.  Strong focus on review management. 2.  Well thought-out process for maintaining authenticity. 3.  Value-driven marketing platform which enhances PR and social proof.  4. Strong support from the G2 crowd team.
The peristance of the team to help my company acheive their objectives. G2 Crowd well unnderstands their roll and makes it their business to undersatand the product line(s) of their custoemrs.
G2 Crowd provided the best onboarding experience compared to some of the other peer review sites I have used. Our dedicated account manager and implementation specialist worked with us through every step ensuring that we were leveraging all that G2 Crowd has to offer.
It's straightforward and easy to manage. The admin console for product pages is simple to use. There are a lot of great tools to leverage across marketing content and campaigns. And certainly not least, everyone in the company benefits from hearing directly from customers about what is and is not working for them.
G2 is a best-of-industry service that provides an awesome review of enterprise products and services.  It will save you at least half the time you would invest discovering this information on your own.
This tool provides almost everything that you need when you are researching and trying to see what your competitiors are doing. Its a must-have for every marketing researcher.
The team really knew what we needed to accomplish and worked with us every step of the way to ensure we met our review goals. 
G2's marketing solution is a great tool to ensure your company provides potential customers with the kind of useful information that guides them to a well-educated decision.  From the start, G2 provides excellent support in getting you ramped up and helping you to understand all the features, benefits and how to operate all the tools to make sure you're taking full advantage of everything at your disposal.   Back-end management is easy and intuitive and the dedicated support folks are responsive, friendly and helpful. 
The personal touch from the G2 Crowd team. Always willing to help and going the extra mile to answer your questions
Our account team was great to work with and made the process so easy. When our campaign didn't get off to the immediate start we wanted, they immediately jumped in with ideas that ended up driving results. 
The reporting and support. They can improve the effectiveness of each campaign and allow you to tailor your review requests to different client segments.
G2 Crowd is a great way to get brand awareness. They are extremely helpful and available to assist when we need them. As new customers, they worked with us to find a plan that suited our needs and budget, and continue to help us through the onboarding process.
My team has been reduced in half in a month, so the time I had available to dedicate to this was limited and I was really concerned about this. But Kristina was great and patient in understanding my concerns and addressing them quickly, making the setup process go smoothly and quickly.
The sales/support team members are attentive and responsive
The ability to source reviews through their programs at our pace and comfort level. Our G2 Crowd reps provide us with education, options and understand our deliberative pace. They nudge, but they don't push or pressure to jump into strategies we're not ready to implement. 
I like receiving leads that are low-funnel. Once people are shopping us against competitors, I know they are serious about implementing a platform.
G2 Crowd provides a smooth and simple setup. The navigation is setup to get you where you need to go fast and see the most relevant data. The integration with Hubspot and Salesforce is great and easy to setup. 
Quick help from the G2Crowd team made it much easier to get our profile and lead forms set up the way we wanted them. 
G2 Crowd is definitely top of class and leader when offering features for a directory site. G2 Crowd is a well-known name in the directory market. They offer several features that no other directory site has.
Its clever design and leveraging of NPS promoters.
Flexibility when adapting to each client. G2 Crowd has "out of the box" packages that should be enough to cover software companies needs. However, if you talk with your assigned team about the peculiarities of your business, they will do whatever possible to adapt their services to you. With increidble motivation and skill.
Having a platform like G2 that allows prospective customers of Leadiro to easily search for B2B data providers and not only find us but also get access to insights from our customers is really great. The platform layout makes it really easy to compare the market place quickly in an honest and transparent way. I also found the on boarding process very helpful.
The G2 Crowd directory and review system allows us to see how our customers feel about our service, and let's visitors see what options are available.  G2 Crowd staff is attentive and very helpful getting our profile in place quickly.
The Implementation Specialist I worked with was fantastic - diligent, dogged (I can get distracted), and full of excellent suggestions.
Flexibility to adapt to our goals & needs. The G2 Crowd team has taken the time & effort to talk to us, understand how we can get the best value out of their platform and give us options that work well with the goals and needs of our business. Although their price points for the different offerings have gone up significantly over the past year, we have been able to get options that fit within our budget. The platform is easy to administer and manage (with an automatic integration to Salesforce that works great for us). The review process is straightforward for our users to follow and the G2 Crowd team is again very helpful in working with us to facilitate review outreach campaigns.
Both Ryan and Kristina were a pleasure to work with - patient and thorough with explanations, and with call follow-up emails. The thing that makes G2 Crowd stand out is its vendor portal. Other sites don't really have anything close to the feature depth that G2 Crowd has.
The onboarding process is the best one I've ever been through.  They helped us get up and running from basically no presence to High Performer in a few weeks time.
Their onboarding was thorough, efficient and effective!  We appreciate the quick replies to our questions and continuous support during our onboarding process.
This site is really great - we are getting a lot of benefits.  We have reviews coming in, we're getting leads and I'm validating where to focus on improving the product.  G2Crowd really works better than I expected!
Simple to start; ease of use; highly communicative; friendly.
The minute we signed up we got full attention from the on-boarding team. Training was efficient, follow up were great and that led to awesome results. 
G2 Crowd's interface is easy to work with and is appealing to on both the company and client side. G2 Crowd basis your company standing off customer reviews only, which is exactly what a review site should do! No way to pay to get higher placement, if your customers are happy you will see your company's presence rise. 
Great analytics on the backend was unexpected. Also, they have really exceptional account reps and sales reps. I wasn't expecting the level of expertise and care I experienced. They also have some really amazing reports to help buyers compare rival software systems and the fact that every review is checked against the users LinkedIn account + a screenshot of them brings the review to a higher level of credibility. 
G2Crowd gives us an easy-to-use platform to host our customer reviews and generate reputable 3rd party content. 
Great team, great support. The product is very intuitive for doing sales research. We have a team of 3 working on it. One person is responsible for analyzing the leads and searching for contact info, another person is doing the outbound campaigns, and the third person is working with marketing assets. 
White glove treatment as we onboarded with the new product. They provided a ton of best practice documentation and case studies to help us get up to speed.
The review campaign generated more reviews that we'd ever had before, and we more than met our goals within the first few weeks.  Plus we generated valued customer feedback to action.
I worked with Kelly throughout the on boarding process, and she was amazing. She cared as much about the campaign's success as we did, and made it super easy to get up and running on G2Crowd.
Control over my profile and the ability to put custom marketing and branded content on our page
The best thing about G2 are the people who work their.  The customer support and success management teams are of the highest caliber and add truly strong and worthwhile value.  They are very responsive to questions or concerns and work tirelessly to meet business goals with their partners. As for the platform, some of the analytics are out of this world.  We are able to see companies who are looking at our listing and track them through our funnel.  It is a great addition to your SDR strategy and we rely heavily on it.
G2 Crowd represent the unbiased, firsthand experience of software technology buyers and covers the entire IT and customer life cycle (product evaluation, implementation, ease of use, service, and customer support). It has become an integral part of our customer advocacy and client decision making process, and we have been able to successfully improve our brand positioning through end user experience.
When working with G2 Crowd, I really enjoyed the customer service I received in addition to the results. Anytime I had a question, I got an answer very quickly, that was friendly and offered further assistance. The team worked hard to ensure that we knew what their deals were, what our goals should be, and made sure we were all doing everything we could to reach our expectations.
The folks at G2Crowd are very engaging and involved through every step of the onboarding process.  The development of our product profile was carefully guided throughout the entire onboarding process.
G2 helps us become aware of our strengths and our shortfalls so we know how our customers see us.  This knowledge is priceless!
The ease of use, all of the functionality, the campaigns we can run, and the reviews of course!
I love the awareness G2 Crowd offers for our product. If someone is simply searching on Google for a CRM system, G2 Crowd pops up and offers all these products with REAL customer reviews. I think that is extremely valuable to both shoppers and companies. G2 Crowd gets hundreds to thousands of people scrolling through their site daily, which offers a great amount of awareness to our product.  One other thing I HAVE to praise is the G2 Crowd staff. Bliss Billingsley was incredibly helpful throughout our training/implementation phase and was always quick to email or call when I had questions. Just last week she transitioned us along to Ashley McDermott, our Relationship Manager. While I'm sad to no longer work with Bliss, I'm equally as excited to work with Ashley and improve our ranking even more!
Ease of use and their support folks are honest, kind, and truly eager to help us succeed.
Easy to find information on products and services
The comparison module allows potential customers to compare your business services with those of your competitors. 
Support is always there if needed, you get a devoted account rep and have direct access to ask questions. The onboarding process is smooth.
I like the ability to easily compare solutions through a variety of classifications, i.e. small-business, mid-market, enterprise. I also like that we are able to view who visits our page and track prospects from website visits to G2 Crowd visits. 
The team at G2Crowd are professional, responsive and are excellent communicators. They were able to customize specific requirements we had and tailor a program that works for us.
G2 Crowd is different from other popular review sites by focusing on unbiased user reviews and software rankings. I like the rankings – I believe the G2 Crowd's patented algorithms and methodologies result in accurate and adequate rankings and reports.  I also like the grid system for every category – it gives a good visual overview.  A bonus, the communication and support from the G2 Crowd's team has been excellent – they truly know what they are doing and want to provide their users with the best experiences. 
We like the ability to get in front of people searching for reviews of our product category. It's a great introduction to potential customers to showcase our product against others with reviews to differentiate us. 
We love the ease of use within the platform and how easy it is for our clients to review us on our profile. 
G2Crowd is a crucial part of our overall brand awareness in the industry and upwards growth. It's great to have critical feedback from users to share with our team as well as positive reviews to continue to solidify our mission and morale.  We have also integrated a G2 Slack channel (through Zapier) which helps us see real-time tracked prospects. This allows us to communicate this action to sales which may help move the prospect through the pipeline. Our leads through G2 have picked up the more active we are with the site.  The G2Crowd banner is also in the footer of our website, and this helps with additional validity for prospects considering a TMS in the space.  Our CSM Jess has genuinely been an extension of our company and helps us strategize and sets us up for success with our account.
- Being in an industry without a quadrant of wave, this platform gives our prospects a place to gauge a feel for their options and read reviews of peers - Love the intelligence we get from the platform and the ability for prospects to engage with us and the reviews of our customers via widgets on our website and directly on G2Crowd - Our success manager has been great at keeping us up to date with latest developments and the different ways to use the solution
Not unlike setting up a new profile for a personal account, e.g. LinkedIn or Facebook, standing up a profile for your company is easy. There's a short checklist of items to "complete" your profile, et voila - you are done!   I must also say the Account Executive with whom I worked on understanding this market and then ultimately purchasing the software was incredibly helpful and consultative. We just finished our implementation phase - which is funny given how easy it was to set up Implementations seems like an above-and-beyond service - and discovered we get to continue to work with our Account Executive. Happy about that.
Verification of reviewers as professionals and users is very important to the credibility of the results. 
G2Crowd was incredibly accommodating of our just-in-time approach to planning and schedules; creative and willing to go the extra mile; and the people who staffed the event, Bobbi and Brittany, were the best ever.  It was an unexpected pleasure and success to work with two such energetic professional pleasant effective people - can't say enough about them!!!
G2 Crowd is a great platform to showcase your company, and encourage your customers to write reviews.
G2Crowd is increasingly becoming a crucial part of our overall brand awareness and recognition of our empirical value in the industry. It’s critical for us to get detailed, first-hand, independent feedback from our customers that can be utilized by prospects and our internal sales and product teams as well.    The vendor portal is very user friendly, and our account manager, George, has been helpful every step of the way. We recently launched a new review campaign, called G2 Gives, and we are excited by the idea of incentivizing customers and reviews with charity donations.   Overall, G2 Crowd has already brought great value to our company and we are looking to expand the use of it over time.   
G2 is an ideal fit for fast-growing companies looking to increase market share with higher quality leads and better business intelligence. 
The team is very helpful whenever we need anything. They are on top of everything every step of the way.
They knew which features were most important to us and focused time on those   
The support that was given to us and the intuitive nature of the product.
G2 Crowd helps our team target customers who are in the market for solutions like Guru Intent Data is helping my sales team become more confident Salesforce plug in looks great Customer Success team is A+ Product Roadmap is promising 
This is a real website, a real company, with real rewards. They are looking out for you and for the clients! The fact that they are trying to promote and put other companies with all kinds of software and products with honest reviews from us its awesome! 
The support the G2 Crowd team has been incredible. Marty is so responsive and had really pushed us to adopt the proven strategies that have worked very well for other G2 Crowd clients. He's been right about everything and we're seeing very quick results and dramatic improvements to our grid ranking and success in obtain new customer reviews.  We are a global business so it's important to us that G2 Crowd is a global product review site -- we hear from prospects and global team members how important this platform is from across various regions in the ecommerce/subs/payment processing technology buying process.  Looking forward to expanding our efforts and further investment in this marketing channel.
Setting up our company page was very straight forward with a robust list of capabilities, categories and detail to add.  At minimum these profile pages should be set up.  After being able to build up reviews in a relatively short period of time we then turned to utilizing the Grid Reports to help drive engagement/leads as well as establishing our place in the market.   The Grid Reports were our #2 asset driving engagement and lead gen in our LinkedIn advertising program.
1. Buyer Intent Data - The detailed analytics with facilities to filter & sort companies by their employee size, location and views helps a lot to analyze the prospect's behavior. 2. The G2 Crowd on-boarding was seamless. 3. The platform is simple and user friendly.
A smooth onboarding process by knowledgeable and friendly people. They were always available to help clarify some of the missing information we needed before upgrading.  
The onboarding process one of the best I've experienced for a marketing solution. Our account manager and implementation specialist have been great and very responsive to questions over the past few months. We've also seen excellent results from our review campaign. 
Everything is straightforward and made as easy as possible with G2 Crowd. You provide the details about your product, they even help you source reviews from your customers to help build your profile. Their team is responsive and engaged in helping you achieve success as you define it for your organization. 
We work with a very responsive, helpful team that consistently delivers on deadlines (even when we don't always return the favor) and guides us through efforts to gather reviews. Shout out to Andrew for his jovial persona on calls- he made G2Crowd my favorite vendor to check in with.
Loved hearing what our users think about our product. Also a great resource to share with prospects. The G2 Crowd on-boarding team was great! They were very responsive and ready to help share best practices. 
One of my favorite parts about G2Crowd is the customer reviews. I send out customer reviews all the time during prospecting and booked a ton of meetings with industry proof. I also love that G2Crowd provides accurate and up to date proof that the software I'm selling is legit and used by so many. All the realtime feedback makes my job easier during the outbound prospecting grind. 
I direct prospects everyday to G2 Crowd.  The ratings and reviews about various software companies are fantastic and give great insight into how they stack up against one another.  I would recommend G2 Crowd to anyone who wants an honest and accurate way to get a closer look at a potential product.
The validation of the reviews and the structure of the data capture provides informed decisions. 
We have found the "Track Your Prospects" and "Buyer Intent" features to be particularly useful for our outbound sales efforts.  Also G2 Crowd handling the gift card fulfillment in an automated way, has made our life a lot easier.  Our implementation manager, Bliss was also very easy to work with and very responsive! 
Giving G2 Crowd our customer's email addresses and having them do an email blast asking them to submit a submit a review for an Amazon gift card
None
I had a wonderful experience working with the G2 events team to gather reviews at one of our recent client events. We did the work to gather reviews ourselves but they sent us all the materials and facilitated everything smoothly. Kevin and the team were phenomenal - they shipped computers to the event as well as a beautiful sign with our branding. They helped us make everything a success! I would highly recommend! 
Nothing is more credible than actual user reviews, and g2c has become the destination for b2b software buyers to both educate themselves on categories (amidst lots of marketplace confusion) and understand which technology products are most likely to meet their needs.  As a seller, I love that i have such an incredible resource to direct my prospects to, and some of G2C's premium (paid) services are very unique and helpful. My favorites are: -G2 being a lead source, in it of its self -the buyer intent data (which organizations are passively or actively exploring our services) piped right into our Salesforce account records/reporting which help us activate conversations we might otherwise not -the ability to create personalized landing pages of curated customer reviews for prospects, based on what concerns or use cases they have been outspoken about (adoption, implementation, onboarding etc.) 
Easy UI, exceptional account management, and great lead data. Also, the platform keeps improving!
None
- Buyer intent data: Having the ability to see who is currently viewing your page, comparing you with which other solution is a great way to find out momentum. - Video reviews - The grid: The better positioned on the grid, the more leads you will get. It is surprisingly how companies are nowadays shortlisting suppliers solely based on the grid. 
None
The on-boarding process is quite time consuming but due to a really step-by-step on-boarding process very easy. We received help and answers to our questions very fast and never got stuck without help.
Buyer intent data: This gives a great view on what potential buyers are looking for, what is important to them, and if we are in their sights. If not, we can adjust. It gives us a clear picture of the overall market and our vertical.   Being able to see who we are being compared to most often also gives our sales team another piece of information that they can bring into sales opportunities.   Review widgets: Highlighting review scores and reviews gives us an edge. We have spent years building a great reputation - and now it's easy for our customers to tell the world!  Our point of contact in G2 has changed a couple of times. That can spell disaster, but so far each one has been as good as the last and the transition has been seamless. 
We recently sign-up to G2 Crowd and have been extremely impressed with their onboarding process. Their team is well-organized and highly responsive. It's certainly made a very positive impression and has given us ideas for how we can improve our own onboarding process at Qarrot.
We really enjoy the G2 Crowd Grid that displays ClockShark alongside other similar time tracking software. Not only is it easy to see how our position changes as we collect more reviews, but this Grid can be embedded in marketing pages to provide leads with a real-time grid view.   We also really love working with the team at G2 Crowd. Danny took extreme care to understand our company needs and expectations, and even sent us a signed "thank-you" note after our first webinar. (Who does this? Uhm...Danny does!) Our implementation specialist Kelly slowly and meticulously explained how to get our listing set-up. She transformed a super daunting job into very easy subtasks, and weekly met with us to review our progress. It was like eating an elephant, one bite at a time...but with less mandible engagement. Ashley, our main point of contact at G2 Crowd, has overseen our entire G2 Crowd journey, and is quick to resolve any concerns we have. Like, greased lightning fast!
In addition to helping us differentiate our products from our competitors, G2 Crowd provides authentic, trusted social proof for buyers researching products. If a consumer searches for reviews of our products, G2C is the first thing they see. The badges, Grid and reference pages are great for sales enablement.   Our EAM and CSM are amazing and always quick to respond, jump on a call, or meet with our stakeholders to ensure we're getting the most out of our subscription. They're willing to do some leg work for us whenever needed (I ask a lot of questions and tend to be a bit of a squeaky wheel). 
There is constant communication during the onboarding process, so that when questions arise, they are answered and resolved quickly. 
Everything from the sales process, to the on-boading and on-going customer support at G2 Crowd is on point! Kudos to Kristina for always going above and beyond in working with us. We are learning everyday on how to use G2 Crowd features to better improve our funnel and conversion. 
Metadata has experienced phenomenal success with buyer intent data from G2Crowd. The way we operationalize the data is two ways:  1 - Outbound emailing particular personas within accounts visiting our page/category section, using the attributes provided by G2Crowd as a way to personalize the email.  2 - Execute account-based advertising campaigns (using metadata.io), targeting the right personas within those exact accounts with personalized content.  Within the first month of running these operations, metadata.io has generated a clear ROI for our investment that revived a lost opportunity into CLOSED WON opportunity, closed an additional new new deal (6-figure deal), and generated dozens of opt-in leads/conversions from those accounts visiting our category page, our competitors page or our own page on G2Crowd. All from the first month. 
Great gift card review scheme, the customer service and implementation was smooth and very prompt.
Firstly the team (of those I have been introduced to), have been super pleasant and helpful - and have make the onboarding process nice and easy, as well as getting us started ASAP with the reviews campaigns, as well as catering to the time difference! The tool is very cool, with some of my favorites features for marketing being the reviews widgets, and the analytics of our profile. From a sales perspective, the buyer intent features are extremely useful for our outbound sales strategy! 
I like the fact G2 Crowd is disrupting the old, stale way of running market evaluations of solutions. They crowdsource it from the users which is what I believe buyers are looking for throughout their purchase decision. As a sales rep, I can leverage the voice of our customer to address questions, objections, and similar initiatives with our active sales cycles. In a world of SaaS solutions, the voice of the customer is paramount. What I like best is the unique access to engage with prospects that are in a research phase by providing unfiltered perspective from our customers. 
The G2 Crowd platform has provided a simple, efficient way to collect customer reviews and references, saving our team time and adding value to our marketing and sales efforts. The G2 Crowd team is very responsive and helpful, and their onboarding process was well organized.
None
G2 Crows is easy to use and gives us the information we are looking for from our clients. I am also able to respond to our clients directly and personally.   Most importantly, their people rock! I asked our CSM Kylie to help us find some information we were looking for and she went above and beyond to get it for us. 
I like that there are so many ways we can use G2Crowd. We use it for brand exposure, sales/marketing collateral, lead generation, outbound sales and more. Really easy to use and it's important to us that rankings are based on actual customer reviews instead of just paying to play like some other services.
Love how turn-key things have been thus far, as well as the attitude of the G2 crowd team (shoutout Mike, Pete, and Walter). These guys are on top of it. We just finished up our first review campaign and more than doubled our number of reviews (80+ new reviews), which we can now use to inform new product features and make improvements all around going into the new year. Best part—it was wildly simple to set up and launch.
The onboarding was fantastic! No feature left unexplained, and nothing too skimmed over - everything had a time, sequence and clear and understandable process.
1. For our use case, 80% of the traffic was net new. 2. Of the 20% we already had, a significant correlation was present to opportunities which shows value in the remaining 80%. This is continuing to test out positively. 3. The total traffic was way too much to use (1k+ unique companies every few months with conversion rates below 2%), but thankfully you can see exactly what each company is looking at. Sorting unique hits by page type, and then seeing which page types correlates to opportunities, allows me to handpick a workable amount of net new Leads to deliver to my sales team which convert at a forecast of over 12% (average). Not bad for Leads we haven't even touched!
Our onboarding specialist and account manager are always quick to respond and answer all of our questions. They made it extremely easy to increase our review volume. 
The Customer Success Team has been so helpful in getting us up and running quickly.  We were able to immediately begin seeing an ROI on our investment thanks to their ability to help us run a Review campaign.
Being able to easily communicate with the team at G2 Crowd has been great. Whether by phone or email  Kelly and Noah were extremely easy to reach and knowledgeable if we had any questions.
The onboarding process was super smooth. Kristina Bradley did a wonderful job. She was able to connect really well with me and she made the whole journey absolutely educative.
The quality of the leads we get from it.
My onboarding team of Gabe Richardson, Peter Staunton and Luke Rastetter has made my first month with G2 the best experience I have ever received from a vendor.
Responsive team and very helpful staff members. I worked with Kelly and Duncan and what I really appreciate is that they're more focused on your growth instead of upselling random products (which most other companies like Capterra would do, a general solution). I would highly recommend G2crowd to anyone looking for genuine brand building platform and reaching out to a broader and more relevant audience.
Incredibly easy to set up the profile. Fantastic onboarding process to facilitate goal-setting and initial profile build.
Outside of a direct request for information, I love the insight into what products or service a target account is looking at, before, during, and after the selling process. I primarily use the buying signals to decide which company to reach out to and which team to reach out to based on buying behavior, but I also use the signals for retention purposes. Knowing my accounts are looking at other products lets me know to reach out before they become a churn risk.
G2 Crowd offers a nice level of customization for our profile page and gives us ample opportunity to gain traction on the category page.
The team at G2 Crowd is very organized and excited to ensure you succeed. They've worked diligently with us right from the start and within the first two weeks already made some serious moves. 
We like that our customers can provide reviews in either an anonymous or identified way, and that as a visitor to the page, I can sort reviews based on star rating, industry, etc.  We love the real-time comparison grid and other ratings.  We also like that you can link to a specific review.  Other sites like Capterra, do not have this feature. 
The team at G2 helped us reach our main goal: to let the world know that we have lots of customers that are truly enthusiastic about our products. We needed a dependable, trusted platform for those voices to be heard, and G2 helped us run a series of campaigns that resulted in over 100 reviews written about our product in just a few months.
The team at G2crowd is great. They offer a suite of products that really help the buyer get informed.
How easy it is to communicate our needs to our representatives. The customer service has been great and we hit our goals using their methodology.
Allows for smaller vendors without extra millions of dollars to gain visibility and compete against the bigger players based on functional reviews by real users. 
G2Crowd has been fast and easy to implement. The system is intuitive and we've gotten great results from review campaigns.
G2 asks the questions that elicit the answers that are useful to prospects in the buying process. As a result our customers address concerns that are common during the process that aren't uniquely covered in our conversations.
The team at G2 Crowd is simply the best.  At the beginning of the process, there was a lot of information that was needed and it seemed like it was going to be an overwhelming project. However, the on-boarding team takes their time with you.  They schedule a series of calls to review what is needed and how to complete each step of the process. The best part is that they follow up with detailed instructions after every call, so if you missed something, you have it in writing as a reference. 
I liked the onboarding process of the G2 Crowd marketing solution. Everything was explained in detail with the right touch points and follow-ups. 
The implementation specialist made sure the on-boarding process was thorough, yet simple, and has overall been incredibly helpful and responsive. The platform surprised me with some tools I wasn't aware of, like reference pages and crowd quotes. Verified customer review and incentivized review campaigns are features worth mentioning as well.
Onboarding team was very attentive to details and results oriented. They shared a lot of best practices and provided valuable advice and support.
The personal touch from account reps and teams was amazing from day one. They were super helpful and proactively walked me through the process of getting started and figuring out my questions. The website is by far one of the best websites I've used for admin and features. Love the website and it's the poster-child for usability, tooltips and being well organized. 
The Clarity of the steps involved Making the customer feel comfortable through clear communication The result!!!
Service was great, they walked us through the entire set up. Kept sending reminders that we needed to continue setting up profile to be successful. 
The onboarding process was smooth and the account managers provided great service. Our review campaign generated was successful and helped us get customer reviews easily. 
The assistance provided in understanding the review space, how the space works, and how our brand can benefit was great.  Our team was first-class and ready to please. The reviews we received have become quite helpful for our sales team and also our product dev teams. Also, the lead generation program can also prove to be beneficial for some companies. UI redesign has also come along quite nicely. 
The support we received with G2 was second to none. They were there for every step of the review generating process. 
We've had an excellent experience with G2 Crowd. Their site is intuitive, resources are thorough, and team is helpful and great to work with.
The on-boarding and client success team was extremely responsive and helpful with any and all of my and my team's questions and were very patient with our small team / pool of resources.
The team at G2 is great. They really helped us create a review campaign that worked well for our relationship with our customers. They answered all of our questions and got us the data that we need. 
Appreciated our representatives' thorough and speedy answers to our questions. The walk-throughs were always pleasant and informative. Big shout-out to our implementation specialist Peter who held our hands through the whole process. We've been pleasantly surprised by the depth of both the platform and the enablement flow. Everyone on the G2 side has also been refreshingly transparent about their capabilities and their roadmap.
We like the intent signals that we see when companies search for us or our category. On-boarding was great and our account rep was excellent, patient and helpful. 
G2 is an essential part of our sales process. The buyer intent notifications are awesome in helping us identify warm leads to reach out to.  Once they're in an evaluation with us, we direct them to the grids we're on as well our product page itself. This is HUGE in establish credibility. Potential buyers are able to see real, validated third-party reviews so they know their peers think we're as awesome as we say we are.
In the last 12 months, our Salesforce CPQ Grid position has been my go-to slide for demonstrating our customer’s success with prospects. It’s one thing to deliver the company talk track around ease of use, speed, and functionality -- it’s another to reinforce the story with authentic G2 reviews that are collected from users just like them.   As a best practice, I strongly recommend leveraging G2 reviews to authenticate your sales conversations. The market we work in can get extremely competitive and it’s important to cut through the noise, quickly. I do this by sending prospects to a reputable source of truth on how users are getting value from what we provide.   
The team at G2 Crowd are clearly passionate about their clients success. From our initial conversations right through onboarding and beyond the team have been invested in making our campaign a success. The buyer intent data is excellent and really helps to focus our marketing efforts towards active buyers. The Review Campaign was a great success and helped us to understand where we are strong and weak from a product point of view. 
The ability to find new promotors though the review information. We use it to review other software tools and companies we are considering partnering with.
I had to contact customer support about a problem with a gift card. Eric quickly resolved the problem.  Then I asked him to change the email sent to reviewers to prevent the problem in the future. He then forwarded the issue to the product support team to improve G2 so that others can have a better experience.
Great support from managers with launch and execution. Very appreciated
What I like best about G2 is that we're able to leverage our happy customers as a competitive advantage in sales cycles. Using G2, we can show our prospects a side-by-side comparison of how satisfied our customers are against each of our major competitors. These quantitative metrics have made a huge difference for us.
Working with the G2 Crowd team has been a pleasure. They are very organized and make the relationship feel like a true partnership.
Actionable information on my prospects at my fingertips.
Ease of use, Ease of signing up for the service
The team tailored onboarding to my particular needs - it never felt too slow or too rushed. Now that our product is up and running, I feel confident our G2 reviews are helping us to win in our category. 
Authentic reviews, great comparison content, and a great team to work with day to day. We use G2Crowd when reviewing software as well as a platform where we encourage agencies to review our platform. Everything about G2Crows is quality.
The onboarding process has been thorough and well executed. I liked how they break it up over several calls, giving you time to implement what we went over in between calls and also avoiding a firehose of information and features to try to remember all in one onboarding call.
Love how easy it was to get our product to get some visibility and traction in the marketplace among peers in the same category. Our account manager  and implementation folks were awesome and guided us every step of the way. 
G2 provides so much data that organizations can use to drive sales and retain customers. They offer trusted reviews, buyer insights data, competitive insights data, reports, and more. 
The team is the best thing about them - helpful and professional
It is a great tool for 1. It is the best 3rd party validation platform for software companies 2. Badge system which can easily be implemented on the website 3. Verified Customer reviews 4. Huge user base and most of our customers are familiar with it 5. Great support team 6. Dedicated chatbot category which most vendors seem to lag 7. benchmarking against competitors (it shows how we compete and how we are better than our competitors) 
Profile & review management is straightforward, content widgets are user-friendly, integrations with other platforms are powerful and the G2 team is very supportive (hats off to Kelly & Laura).
None
It was seamless to get up and running with G2 Crowd.  Ali was essential in helping us figure out a game plan to increase our presence on this site and listened to the approach that we wanted to take.  I loved that we could have unique landing pages for our CS team to track inbound reviews and our customers seemed more open to posting reviews knowing they could post anonymously. I also really like being able to customize a reference page that we can keep relevant with recent reviews so that our sales team can leverage this in their conversations.  Having a personal dashboard where you can track all reviews, their status on posting as well as the reward payout is also a plus.
The G2 admin portals are intuitive and easy to use so as an admin, I can find the insights I need without breaking a sweat. That said, the Success and Support teams have been what makes G2 really stand out. There is always a responsive person available to help brainstorm, troubleshoot, or point our program in the right direction. 
As a global company, its invaluable for us that G2 are able to accept online reviews in local language as we solicit reviews from our customers around the globe.  As a leader in the review space G2 is known in all the regions we operate with them making them a truly global partner.  They have played a huge part in accelerating our pipeline through leads generated off the back of reviews and more recently offered an excellent service at our industry event where they gathered 200+ reviews (on a target of 100!)  
The B2B market is now looking at peer review sites, like G2, as an important source for truly independent perspectives from real customers about the experience they are having with our platform and services. We think this is a growing trend in the customer service industry and we leverage the findings constantly to help us improve the products and services we deliver. G2 is one of the top vendors in this space. 
G2 Crowd has helped provide us with a platform that our customers can truly voice their opinions about Genesys. This has become a great tool for our company internally and allows a great platform for potential prospects to use. G2 went above and beyond at our recent customer event by helping us collect reviews and we were able to collect over 250 reviews in 2 days.   G2 helped us pivot quickly during the pandemic when in-person events were canceled, and we were able to come up with unique ways to continue to collect reviews.
Overall great service, responsive and helpful team
Easy to establish a complete profile. Very helpful and proactive team members.
The team at G2, everyone who I've interacted with have been very proactive in helping us achieve our goals.  The technology is very helpful in understand which leads and accounts to prioritize.
﻿- Dados de intenção do comprador Pedi ao nosso CSM Kylie para nos ajudar a encontrar algumas informações que estávamos procurando e ela foi além para obter isso para nós Nosso especialista em integração e gerente de contas estão sempre prontos para responder e responder a todas as nossas perguntas. Disposto a fazer algum trabalho de perna para nós sempre que necessário eu faço um monte de perguntas e tendem a ser um pouco de uma roda estridente
tools for the whole funnel from new leads to helping sales close
Professional team and a lot of traffic opportunities. As well, integrated with HubSpot it gives you really powerful insights!
The process of getting things set up has been very straightforward and the folks we worked with were helpful and clear.
I loved the onboarding process as our representative was very attentive and helpful in showing us how to get the best use out of the platform.
Willingness to find solutions to make G2 work well for us.
Easy to edit product profile Ability to run review campaigns and extend gift cards to clients Buyer intent functionality is popular across sales and account management Dashboard to see activity at a glance Acquire new references when clients write review and opt in to learn more Easy to create custom online reference pages Our contacts including Kylie Foo and Brett Butterfield are great! Kylie is a very reliable CSM. She is smart, knowledgeable, super friendly, and responsive. 
I enjoyed collaborating with the G2 team as an on-going basis. They are very supportive and helpful. They want us to succeed so they follow-up quite often. When I have questions, they always reply in a prompt manner!  As for the G2 platform itself, it is very simple and easy to use. The analytics are very helpful for our marketing strategy for our customer retention and reaching out to new opportunities. It offers a lot of different options to promote our organization onto the G2 page.     
Our partnership with G2 helps us to showcase the experience our clients have with iDeals. This way more potential clients can feel confident when choosing iDeals as their VDR provider. We've already seen a spike of interest toward iDeals page and we now have more reviews coming in.
As new to G2, I found the established on boarding process to be superb (and something our business can learn from), The key touch points are sequenced to match our experience and progression through the product and I found that every time we had a series of questions (after doing some of the work), the next G2 meeting was around the corner.
I enjoyed working with the G2 team. They were very responsive, willing to help and worked to create a seamless process for us. We got a lot done in a short amount of time because of their work.
My company had been using the free version of G2 and had maxed out its capabilities. We investigated a paid version and the rep I spoke with was personable, informative, and fantastic. He helped us through the entire process and made it easy for us to make the decision to pay for G2. I never felt pushed or treated unfairly, and they went out of their way to give us a great experience.
The ability to get great reviews quickly. We went from 2 reviews to 34 within the first few weeks of joining G2. The platform is really easy to use in general so far. 
I like how G2 runs the first campaign to get the profile off and running. We increased reviews by a few hundred percents from where we started in just one campaign. 
* We can see our recent activity at a glance in the dashboard.   * The UI is clear so we have visibility into our reviews and profile, and we're able to see how we can use the information collected.   * Our on-boarding specialist and CSM have been incredibly responsive and knowledgeable. They've made the entire process easy.   * We can use our user reviews as social proof in our sales cycle  
Kelly did a great job acting on our behalf. When we bumped into an issue between a G2 process and a detail of our product, she helped find a quick resolution and kept things on track. Communication was clear, timely and consistent.
None
Team at G2 goes above and beyond to make sure we're set up for success. Easy to reach and quick to respond. Competitive buyer intel within the product is a game-changer for our SDR team -- they are having a field day.
None
None
None
B2B Sales is changing.  The buyer controls the process and there is so much information online.  On top of that, there are more distractions for the modern seller than ever before.  Buyer intent data helps my team focus on the right companies that are in the market for what we offer.  It's a life saver!!
Kelly was such a joy to work with. Our on-boarding experience was very seamless and much of it had to do with Kelly's willingness to coach us throughout the process. She stayed on top of things and was always eager and willing to hop on a call. We appreciated her detailed recaps and it was great to see the progress we've made since implementation.   I also like the UI/UX - the platform is also very intuitive and easy to use. 
None
None
None
There are so many different ways to make the most of the platform . Our onboarding team provided very clear guidance and instructions for setting up all the necessary functionality.
I really have enjoyed working with the team at G2. They make the onboarding process very easy, provide a lot of useful information and are there when you need help. The G2 platform is very easy-to-use and it's a great way to leverage valuable customer feedback.   We aim to look at Buyer Intent within the foreseeable future as we see this as being a great way to provide out outbound sales teams with warmer prospects to contact. 
G2 assists in sharing information about our product.  It's great that valid users are the ones reviewing the product so that others can benefit from what it has to offer.  Working with the staff at G2 has been nothing less than stellar.  Everyone is readily available to answer questions and they always help you get the most out of their services.  If they see you aren't utilizing a feature you are paying for, they take time to show you how it works and why it's good for your business.
The team was very responsive, fabulous with follow-up, quick to hop on the phone.Appreciate all the hand holding to get things to the finish line. Definitely a fabulous personable team with great tech.
I love seeing who's looking at our reviews, it gives our sales team a huge advantage but it also helps our CS team retain our current clients.
I like how the software ranks you against your competition in a way that's consumer focused. 
The team are incredibly attentive and have gone above and beyond to get us set up for success!
None
None
None
None
None
The tradeshow review service is fantastic. We recently hosted a large conference and had a review station in our customer lounge for them to share love. We've gotten a ton of reviews and customers said they really liked the experience. 
That the team has a great schedule of walkthroughs and training with what's available in the G2 system. They don't give you a packet and have you figure it out yourself, they schedule one on ones to make sure you know what is available to you. They also provide best practices on what other users are doing to make sure you're ahead of the game.
In the past, we have had a difficult time gathering feedback from our customers regarding their experience with our products but G2 has helped make this process easy. They do all the work for us and our customers are eager to share their feedback and see what other customers are saying. 
Really helpful and well-structured onboarding sessions
Onboarding was very efficient and very effective! It was very easy to understand and clear in expectations.
A lot of functionality and features that can help automate processes for you. This platform makes it easy to connect - and communicate - with potential customers. It's also really helpful to see their rather detailed feedback and insights when leaving a review.
Attention detail to our business and guidance on how we can be successful in utilizing G2's functionality. The team assigned to us was fantastic - personable and professional. G2 is a very sophisticated review platform with a lot of automation and features to learn which could potentially be overwhelming in the beginning -- but their team was very responsive and thorough in their explanations  - alleviating concerns quickly and helping us to get fully onboarded in less than a month.
Very easy to work with. We drove a lot of reviews and saw a huge increase in leads as a result
Like many industries, ours has a lot of noise. Many competitors have beautiful websites with illustrious graphics, but their actual product experience is bloated, unusable crap. G2 helps surface that reality and differentiate competitors with real feedback from real users.
The G2 team helped us market our product on their website to drive traffic to our website and makes comparing products a breeze.
I love G2's model overall. It's based on your company's actual product as opposed to a bidding system (which can be misleading to customers). The software is also really easy to use, so it was a smooth onboarding process and it's been really easy to add new team members with minimal training. The sales and onboarding team were also super helpful in working with us through the process. When we were onboarding, Ali provided detailed follow-ups for us with action items and next steps. I had to contact support once and it was really easy and the rep, Leah, really went above and beyond contacting technical support to resolve my issue.
Team is very skilled and professional. Services provided look to provide another powerful marketing resource. The review information collected is very rich and in depth and will provide high value insights into customer opinions.
I enjoyed having regular contact with our account manager throughout the on-boarding process. This enabled us to really understand the platform end-to-end. I also really appreciate the support the team have given us. They are always on hand to answer a question or help provide tips or insight into how to get the most out of their platformn.
The administrative portal is easy to understand and navigate.
G2 is commited to provide honest reviews to the customers, and unlike most review websites they don't ask software providers to pay to be listed higher. Their onboarding is super useful and we're thinking to build something like this for MeisterTask as well.
Our G2 team took the time to understand our company and answer our questions in order to give us the best value.
G2 team's enthusiasm and support were amazing, it helped us to be on top 10! The Amazon Voucher campaign was a great idea!
G2 provides our brand with user-driven credibility. In a world where our buyers make their decisions and evaluate solutions on their own, G2 has provided us with an "always-on" voice of the customer channel. If I were to narrow it down to one this it would be the return. G2 has a significant ROI and is well worth the investment.
The team I worked with was helpful. The incentive program is useful in gaining more reviews.
The Market Data really helps to understand the competitive landscape, and gauge where we need to improve. The Buyer Intent data is an excellent tool for us to determine real opportunities and who is searching for our solutions. Finally, the Review Process is very strong and leaves zero doubt regarding authenticity.
The team (Dylan Tate and Lena Lee) has been really helpful during the first steps of working with G2.
- Great onboarding experience: the team was very friendly, responsive and helpful during the whole process - Buyer intent data: this is a truly innovative way of helping us to connect to potential buyers, which no other platform offers - The objective rankings in the grids, and real customer feedback are the best marketing material for us - Integration with LinkedIn matched audiences is a big plus  Although we just started with G2 a month ago, I am very curious to see the ROI in a couple of months!
The personal touch is evident in all communications with G2 staff and they are unfailingly pleasant and helpful.
Ease of use of the platform, both on an admin side and for our users. the easier a platform is the more likely users will actually review you, sothat saves a lot of time.  Great G2 team to work with (Tommy and Lena) who've been very supportive and helpful.
You can't pay to get to the top. I love that it's not a "pay-to-play" review platform like so many others. The reviews are from real people that genuinely care about products. The platform is easy to use, too!
The onboarding team was great. We wanted to move fast and they were able to match our speed. They came up with training for our specific teams that were key to getting everyone up and running quickly. The key to being successful is to follow the plan initially.
There's a human I can contact with questions.
The onboarding experience was brilliant, our specialist was very knowledgable and helpful throughout the processes and got us up and running collecting reviews in a few days and sharing best practice for our page.
The best thing about G2 is how the plan and onboarding are tailored to our business case. This has meant that the implementation and customer success team from G2 has been able to help us towards reaching our goals instead of "just" showing us the platform. Also, we've gotten specific examples and cases of how to best use the G2 features for us, and together we've already set goals for what we want to achieve together. We've been using G2 for a few years now, and we've seen great results in review generation and, more importantly, lead generation and sales.  The Buyer Intent data available to us has really helped us out in many different ways, and we now use the data in marketing, sales, and customer success.
The onboarding experience was top notch and immensely helpful in understanding how to best optimize our company profile, gain valuable reviews, and explore and understand buyer intent and behavior. We have seen amazing results and have empowered our customers to share their successes with the broader community.
The process is well put together and easy to follow from a customer perspective
I like all the marketing materials that are provided.
When we first partnered with G2, our primary goal was review generation. They made it easy to run review campaigns and took the burden off of our marketing and customer teams to do outreach to clients. With a great library of reviews, we're now able to leverage  testimonials across our marketing and sales campaigns to lend 3rd party credibility to our service offerings.
G2 is an amazing product review site with the most genuine community of users and their reviews for products across categories.
Team was fantastic easy to work with and the on boarding was easy to launch..  Our clients have found it easy to make the reviews and they also appreciate the gift cards that come with our initial contract...
My favorite part is how easy G2 is to use for our customers and for me as the admin! Most online review platforms make leaving a review difficult or time consuming which mean I have to do a lot of babysitting when we do a review campaign but not G2. I also love how easy it is to leverage the reports for building our sales pipeline!  The other part that really stands out was the support I receive from my customer success manager. It is a huge time saver to know that I have someone willing to help me out when I need it and share best practices.
G2's model: their combination of market presence and user satisfaction, and visualizing vendors in specific categories on a grid with these dimensions, is beneficial to B2B SaaS buyers and, by extension, B2B SaaS marketers. Their buyer intent data helps Marketing and Sales teams determine the buying behaviour on G2's site. Review collected by and hosted on G2.com.
G2 is a great resource for information around SaaS Products as well as other software. They have a lot of great insights and I find the reviews reliable as well.
Thorough, professional and helpful during the entire process.
The G2 platform is night and day compared to our rough experience with Gartner Peer Insights (i.e. unexplained review rejections, lack of transparency, slow response, etc.). Even as a freemium customer (no paid subscription, our experience with the G2 team has been fantastic. They got our profile up and running within days and helped us bring in new reviews with a dedicated landing page to get us started. Now we have a go-to source for market validation.
The insights I am able to use to make impactful marketing decisions.  The account management team  The integrations capabilities  The buyer intent reporting.  What's not to love?!
Very good backend full of insight to better manage your online presence, and marketing tools to leverage your user reviews.
I like the fact that G2 is a key part of buyer's decision making process to proceed forward with a company or not after reviewing the products reviews found on G2.
The best thing about G2 is how the implementation and customer success team from G2 take the time to onboard you onto the platform, set goals, and provide the tools to meet the goals.   In a couple of months, we were able to double review volume with one campaign and generate new sales and marketing collateral to leverage across the organization.
Our partnership is always helpful and strategic. I feel like they really listen to our goals and concerns and respond with insightful and useful suggestions on how to further our reviews and our profile.
There are several helpful aspects of working with G2 Marketing Solutions, some of which include everything from an easy to use platform to innovative marketing ideas. However, a few of the most important aspects to mention are the traffic driven to our business pages, the qualified leads and opportunities, and the collaborative spirit of G2's Customer Success Teams. When a service provider acts like an extension of ones business, only good can result.
The dedication that my account manager had to my account to ensure we truly were getting the most out of the account.  When we had to build business justifications for our C-suite, they were with us at every step.  Look, I know part of their job is to look for new business opportunities, but I can attest that they only did so to ensure that we continued to get value out of the account.  And we did.
Super easy for customers to leave reviews. Quick and easy + incentive. Good for helping get a high volume of reviews in quickly to help better compete in your industry. Also appreciate their actual tool - good analytics platform and easy to manage profile compared to other Review Sites. Customer success has also been great.
Our Account Manager and CSM are super involved in growing our profiles. They're super smart and strategic. They're also always available for when we need support running reviews campaigns.
G2 is singlehandedly the best source for reviews to help you choose the right software for your business. I love how the platform is very user-friendly which makes it super easy to navigate. There is a lot of value in customer feedback, and this is definitely the most reliable platform to find that information.
Our account management team, particularly Jeremy and Mike, is second to none. They invest the time to understand the nuances and complexities of our business.  They help drive and inform our strategy and tactical goals for advocacy and review ecosystem management, so that we have tangible benchmarks keeping everyone focused and accountable to our overall goals.  They continually look for ways to add value to our relationship, and test into new opportunities.  11/10 would recommend.
Working with G2 was a simple and easy experience that allowed us to drive a number of positive reviews on their platform. The partnership they create and the guidance they provide was extremely helpful.
The team we have worked with is committed to our organization's success.  This has created a winning strategy for our organization!
We have probably the best CSM out there - shout out to Jeremy Levin! This makes our experience 10x better and what makes me recommend G2 to others professionals over and over again. Not only is his support to help us really maximize profile traffic and brand reputation across G2 categories through our bi-weekly check-ins, research audits, and marketplace assessments super helpful, but his willingness to constantly go above what we ask and offer us more is amazing.  Our team at G2, the resources they provide us  with and the knowledge they share is the best I have had. Like I said, you won't find better!
G2 has allowed our sellers to leverage multiple angles when selling against competitors (i.e. review quantity, review quality, feature comparisons, etc.). And on top of that, the assets that they provide our team with are designed according to our brand guidelines... lightening the load for our creative team.  I'd also be remiss if I didn't mention our fantastic account team. Jeremy Levin has been an incredible resource for us as we've grown into new categories and analyzed competitors. In addition to simply answering questions, he comes to the table with suggestions as new products, features, or grids roll out to help us get the most bang for our buck.
Our CSM, Jeremy, is so dedicated and excited - it's rejuvenating!
G2 is clearly a leader in this space and they make it easy and attainable for partners to utilize and leverage their reports. The way that they break down each vendors strengths, weaknesses, and comparisons to competitors is so valuable!   Having an extremely attentive and proactive account manager is very beneficial and goes a long way and makes it easy to get the most out of the partnership.
The partnership in working with the G2 team! They have been able to answer all of our questions on the capabilities of G2, what solutions would work best for our team, and maximizing our results from using this product.
The ability to leverage product reviews as well as the index, grid, and head-to-head competitor reports has proven to be a valuable asset. We have been able to show strong ROI and we aren't necessarily utilizing the tools as effectively as we could.   Also, our G2 team is amazing. They're responsive, helpful, creative, and always looking to take something of our plate to get something done.
We have had excellent luck with G2. Our sales team uses G2 to close more and more deals, and in marketing, we use G2 to solidify our great position in the market. We love that all of the content is available for us to use in competitive campaigns and that's it all coming from a 3rd party source. People love to do their own research nowadays and we want to be sure they are seeing our product in the best light!
We've been on the Power Plan for nearly 8 months, slow to adopt all of the paid features available to us. Those we've leveraged: Upgraded Profile, Testimonial Widget, Customer Reference Page, and Real-Time Leads. We're soon to embrace the Marketo lead webhooks and buyer intent integration. What do I like best? Admin Portal ease-of-use. Platform is super intuitive. Intent data, marketing content and other analytics are easily accessible via MyG2 menu, no need to hunt. Customer reference pages are easy to build, too. Support from Customer Success is great.
Our G2 team has been a strategic partner for us in managing our brand reputation across key G2 categories, maximizing our profile and driving traffic to our website. Our CSM Jeremy Levin is a rockstar, and has been proactive in providing recommendations for how to drive more reviews to our profile. He is very service-oriented and always quick to respond whenever I have a question. We also have a Slack channel with our G2 account team set up so communication is always quick and transparent.
G2 is a great place to garner customer feedback and provide third-party reviews for your sales team to leverage. Our customer success team (Alexis and Mike) is terrific - always helpful, responsive and provide the trusted partnership to drive alignment. Whenever I have odd requests or needs, they are always available to help. There are a number of constraints on what we can do but our CSM team is always helpful with new ideas/solutions.
G2 offers a wealth of insights and content. Whether it's leveraging customer testimonials and leader badges for social proof that you can use across many marketing channels, the information you can glean from the grid reports, custom comparison reports, or the G2 buyer intent data - there is something for everyone - for all functions of your organization (not just Marketing!). Also, our account team is top-notch, Jeremy and Mike are easily the best respective CSM and AE I've work ever worked with across other vendors/partners - they are responsive, passionate, creative, and work with us like they are a part of OUR team.
Our account team! Michael, Alexis, and Jeremy really made the difference in our utilization. They made suggestions we wouldn't have thought of. They have been there every step of the way.
While the platform is super intuitive to use, it's our account management that makes G2 a 10.
The inbound leads that come in are high quality. These are prospects who have us on their short list and are actively researching our solutions further. On the review generation side, the dashboard is very helpful and intuitive. Reports are easy to find and it makes it very easy to manage our product profiles. The G2 team is very supportive and responsive, you feel like you've got additional team members with them.
Having these insights and proof points has been key to creating our workflows, messaging and digital campaigns.    Our team at G2 is amazing, Jamie Yates and Stephanie Cole are incredible resources that are invested in our success and we have enjoyed working with them.
G2 review service is the best! This platform allows prospects and vendors to learn about your software and service through real user experiences. The CSMs are involved at every step of implementation and execution. they're typically very proactive in providing assistance and ideas for review campaigns.
G2 Crowd gives us the content we need to fuel our demand generation and social proof efforts. Customers and prospects are hungry for real information, not the same features and benefits every vendor claims.  With the content subscription we are able to offer prospective  buyers  helpful insights based on reviews from peers to help inform their purchase.  The Customer Success team is also great to work with and always  offer great advice and use cases from other company experiences that accelerate our goals.
I'm working with 7 peer platforms, but G2 is by far the most comprehensive one, from the UX to the features offered in order to serve our company goals.  They provide a lot of great features for business growth.
The G2 team understands what is important to us, and they help us get the most out of their platform.  They make it convenient for us to capture reviews and see the things we need to improve upon from our clients' comments.  The team provides great support and provides ideas that help us keep our program fresh and evolving.
Great customer service. Our account team is A+. Jamie + Steph are super responsive and ready to help when we need them. They give good advice on where to prioritize our efforts.   On the product side, we get good insights into customer sentiment and competitive intelligence. The quarterly Grid reports are a forcing function to ensure we are continuously generating new reviews and customer feedback.   Grid reports help arm sales with third-party validation of our product. There is likely more we can be doing here.
The team at G2 is always willing to answer our questions and connect with multiple business units and stakeholders to explain and help us utilize all of the benefits G2 has to offer. Our account reps are friendly and very organized, I can trust they are guiding us in the right direction to optimize our G2 profile.
Intent data and competitive insights are helpful features
Review generation options and intent alerts base on the categories of choice are remarkable options. From one side, the ability to run review campaigns across LinkedIn and targeted outreach from the G2 team is flawless, plus having a dedicated reviews link for specific tactics makes it even easier to drive reviews across different tactics.   Intent alerts serve multiple use cases (anything from outreach prioritization, personalized messaging, or determine at-risk accounts who may be shopping for competitors) , and G2 makes it easy to integrate it with your CRM or even directly to Outreach.  Finally, the support from Jeremy and Mike (CSM and AE) is amazing. They are available to bring new ideas to the table and even give you friendly nudges to keep you on track with projects.
I am the primary user of G2. I like G2 because it's quick and easy for my customer to share their thoughts and feelings about their experience using my company's products. Partnering with my Enterprise Customer Success Manager, Carly Cozad, and Strategic Account Executive, Nick Espey, we've landed on the right strategy, which has allowed us to drive hundreds of new reviews. These reviews have lead to the creation of dozens of new pieces of marketing collateral. Even the occasional negative review has allowed our Customer Success and Support teams to get involved in monitoring reviews. I really like how we've been able to use our G2 profile as a lead generation source. Once the lead form is completed, I receive a notification and the lead is added to my instance of Salesforce so that I can track it.
Very easy to generate quality reviews for our product lines
G2 is able to help our marketing and sales teams with customer content! The incentivized reviews have allowed us to listen to our customer stories and equip our sales teams with testimonials that they can use throughout the sales cycle.
What I like best about G2 is their admin portal. It is very user friendly and has many great resources. I love the dashboard, G2 reference pages, and Competitors dashboard. G2 makes it easy for me to prepare great assets for our sales and marketing teams. The G2 customer support is also really great. I can always count on my time to answer any questions and assist me with any requests I may have.
We have a great support team that helps us unlock the full potential of leveraging every tool/feature that G2 has to offer. With G2, we're able to create marketing assets that helps substantiate our place in the market against our competition backed by realtime customer feedback.  The competitor comparison reports, additional content opportunities and video reviews have all made my job so much easier and fun. The dashboard is very user friendly and easy to use and navigate around to find what I'm looking for. I'm currently in my second role/company leveraging G2, and I couldn't imagine being a marketing professional without it.
Understanding and knowing when a company is exploring my companies reviews and/or my competitor's reviews. Having this in real-time or close to real-time can really increase my response rate. For example, I see they are looking at comparing vendors to one of my competitors. That tells me they are already in talks with that competitor and looking to see who else they should consider - enter me!  There are major upsides to using G2 not just for competitive comparisons but also to reflect on what your customer like and/or dislike. This can be great feedback for customer success teams and product teams! It also helps me understand what I need to do a better job of explaining specific features/use cases.   I also love that I can get insights/alert via slack! I'm sure they have several integrations that would work for any b2b company.
I love the versatility. G2 goes so far beyond just gathering reviews and provides us with a ton of valuable insights into our customers. We've been able to surface feedback up to our product team, proactively address any potential questions/concerns a customer has, and help identify some great customer advocates. We love being able to hear what's on our customers' minds so we are able to continue providing them with an excellent product and service.
Real time leads on people who are actively searching for your service and looking at your product. It's great to know there will already be some familiarity with us when our Sales Team reaches out.
The G2 team is dedicated to our success. They are always looking for ways for us to get more out of the service.
Comparison Reports are such a great asset if you have the right reviews for certain categories. You can effectively tell the story about why your product is better in an easy-to-read chart. This is great for your sales team.
I haven't gotten a chance yet to explore all of G2's features, (there's a lot), but since I've started working with G2 about one year ago, it has been nothing but rewarding. When I've provided feedback, G2 has listened to it and accomodated it. They're trusted in our Industry and therefore, we've been able to benefit from G2's services as a marketing team. They seem to gather great, honest reviews and I'm happy so far.
The team we work with is always making sure our company succeeds. We focus on our needs, create targets/goals, then execute together. We have been able to drive over 80 reviews in the past year and increase our overall rating due to the dedication, and hard work G2 has put into our company. Looking forward to continuing to achieve our goals!
For the prospect, G2 provides so many different datapoints for research. You are able to look at everything from rankings to ratings to feature ratings to market presence. For the vendor, there are sales enablement tools, lead generation options and we are able to drive traffic to our sites.
Outstanding vendor support. From proactively coming to us with suggestions to stepping in to help with updates when the team is short on time, they are one of the most responsive and helpful vendor teams I work with.  Content Assets: Grid and competitive reports provide user-generated validation against competitors.
I love the ad targeting that I can achieve based on G2 data, and the team is great at providing insight into the best way to leverage the available assets and insights.
We received excellent service during set-up and onboarding, making it easy to leverage the G2 profile and marketing outreach almost immediately.
Impressive competitive intel capabilities
G2 provides a great platform to communicate the benefits of your offering. Not only that, but G2's flexibility in their content offerings means you can build strategic assets that address every persona.
It looks like a great review site and we would like to spend money with them.
G2 dashboards make it very easy for me to track the performance of all our products on G2, as well as manage review campaigns. I have all the data I need to design our review strategy for the upcoming months or to share our progress with the company at the tips of my fingers. The best part is, of course, quarterly G2 award badges. Being able to win awards by market segment, region, and theme (like "Best Results" or "Easy to Use") helps us highlight our value propositions for different audiences.
The buyer intent signals allow us to share timely buyer insights with our sales teams that are helping to drive valuable conversations and revenue pipelines.  With the integration into other platforms like SFDC, SLACK, and email, we can get these in front of them quickly to engage more rapidly while the accounts are actively looking for a solution in our category.
None
We're still ramping up our use. By far the best piece has been our account team. Both of the primary reps for us have been incredibly responsive and helpful. The interface is also fairly intuitive.
The user interface is really easy and it is very intuitive. The customer service team has been extremely helpful as well.
None
Where do I even start? I've had the pleasure of working with G2 for the past 2+ years, as I manage the organization's global review site program across 8+ markets. Never have I appreciated a partnership more - the level of attention, strategic support and responsiveness that the G2 team consistently delivers is unmatched. Not only are they always going above and beyond to nurture our partnership, but they never fail to keep our company's goals and strategic priorities at the forefront of their recommendations. Special shout out to Jeremy Levin, Kyle Miller and Megan Miedema - they are an absolute joy to work with and deliver nothing short of a first-class customer experience.
it is helpful to use when trying to find prospects who are evaluating a billing solutois
None
I've worked with G2 at multiple companies, the reason I still do business with G2 is the people. Every person I have ever spoken with at G2 is respectful, knowledgeable, and willing to answer tricky questions!   On the product side, I've used the badges, the reports, and company grids, buyers' intent, lead generation forms, and reference pages.
None
The G2 platform is straightforward to use. But the team seal the deal - they've been great in onboarding and giving advice.
UX/UI, stats and more importantly their people.
- Ability to see and improve our position within the market - Comparison feature  - Support from  Account Managers
The G2 interface is easy to use when building product profiles - there are a wide variety of avenues (descriptions, downloads, screen shots, videos, etc.) to provide information to potential customers, integrate with existing company systems to ensure leads route appropriately, and the G2 team has many great suggestions on how to encourage existing customers to review your products.
G2 has been a trusted partner in capturing our customers' voices & sharing them with a larger audience!   G2 also provides insights on 'In-Market' audience who are potentially looking for a solution that we offer to solve.
The CSM team was very helpful in setting up the account and helping with all the questions and doubts we had. One of the other things is the Banbora intent is also added in our intent data and makes it very easy to target accounts
The ability to measure company success on reviews, working in tandem with the G2 team to create successful review campaigns, the people (John Sarhage and Jack Garvey) are OUTSTANDING in customer service, experience, and competence of the platform. They're setting us up for success, and teaching me how to effectively leverage the platform, read metrics, and increase our review responses.
I had a great experience speaking with Jack Smith about our options and opportunities with G2. Having worked and spoken with a lot of people in similar roles, I can confidently say Jack did an outstanding job. Took the time to do his research, asked lots of questions, listened carefully and overall made our interaction feel like a conversation rather than a sale. Well done!
Have always used G2 as the source of truth for researching & comparing products. It has been a super useful tool on the flipside to position ourselves and help prospects understand if we'd be the right fit for them. Also a great place to capture feedback & insights from our current customers!
To date we've been provided with friendly and thorough customer assistance. Will and Swati are always available to respond promptly to any questions we have. They are knowledgable about the product and make efforts to understand your market and provide examples of how best you can use the solutions on offer.
G2 provides valuable insight into how we compare with our competitors, along with many great tools to enhance our visibility in the marketplace. Our customer success/relationship managers have been a huge help in finding new and creative ways to boost our presence (thank you Kaylan and Dani!!).
What I like best about G2's Marketing Solutions is the dedicated support you get from your Account Manager / Account Executive. They ensure that you get your G2 account set up for maximum impact, and also provide best-practice insights on how to drive authentic, stellar reviews from your customers. Their quarterly reports are also great 'milestones' to plan your review-growth goals by, as they give you something to 'aim for' in your efforts to grow your G2 presence.
some options that are available in our plan help us find new leads. Also, the reviews written by our clients add more credibility to the company, especially the badges that we are using on our website and in our promo spaces, in presentations and other ads visuals.
Working with dedicated account managers to help us get the most out of generating reviews and our profile on the platform in general.
I am fortunate to work with such a fantastic team. The features we were offered are excellent and new innovations are always coming out. I strongly believe that this is due to the hard-working team at G2, of which I can single out the amazing Abhilash Chowdhury and Matthieu Le Sayec.
From the moment we reached out to G2, we received outstanding service. Our customer success manager is always there to help and answer any questions we might have with a personal touch. She cares about us and goes out of her way to ensure we use the platform to its maximum potential, pointing out features we weren't aware of and solving any issues we might have very quickly.
The buyer incentive tools available to us in G2 are very useful and give us valuable data for our marketing and sales efforts across our team.   Collecting and using reviews in our campaigns and landing pages has proved to help raising our conversion rates.
The level of detail with regards to the feedback is very good. The grid view and industry specific comparisons are great.
We love the friendly, positive attitude of all the G2 employees we've encountered. The follow-ups and the problem-solving have been above and beyond.  The backend user experience of the platform is easy to navigate and simple to perform updates and changes of content etc.
From campaign automation to ideating on creative review program initiatives with my CSM, Edan, G2 is a key driver in our competitive reviews program. The platform enables a great overview of testimonials and also sentiment tracking.
G2 has been a great help to our marketing and RFP team.  Definitely adds a layer of trust when our potential buyers are making purchasing decision. It was a real pleasure working with the whole CSM team - Jade, Edan and Matthieu.
I like the fact that our customers' reviews get approved pretty fast and that we can get a lot of interesting comparison reports that we can later share.
Very straightforward process for review campaigns - from the start of the campaign to the reimbursement - definitely a competitive advantage over some other similar platforms. In addition, the G2 team we've worked with has always been very knowledgeable and responsive, something that everyone working in CS appreciates ;)
G2 maintains high quality of both categorizationa and reviews, which helps leveraging it for marketing efforts to drive impact.  The customer service is the best I've ever worked with, helping us make the most out of G2 services.
With G2, you get access to a leader grid and reviews that can be integrated across all marketing content from the website to paid social etc. It's an excellent platform to help increase credibility with prospects, increase engagement and build relationships with current clients. The customer support team is fantastic. Lucy and Pramila are always there to help support, brainstorm and develop ideas. In addition, they bring a positive vibe to every meeting, and their response time is prompt.
G2's customer success team is excellent; they're always coming up with new ways to share our badges and promote our profile. You can add a wide variety of content to your profile and there are a number of useful integrations.
G2 has helped put our company in the "shop window" and provided a place where our customers can shout about how good our product is! The support when running a campaign was first class, with our account manager going the extra mile
Running reviews campaigns is easy, and the account management team is always on top of it and willing to go the extra mile to help us achieve our goals.
Since purchasing the paid membership to G2 and pushing the launch campaign live, the success was staggering and beyond our expectations. The best part is the Customer Success because you are in partnership with an expert and they are always on hand to support/recommend. Every question I've had answered and they share recaps, updates - the communication is second to none. They are also a great bunch of people.
- It's a very intuitive and easy-to-use tool.  - The team Edan and Matthieu are always very reactive and helpful.  - The signals we get from G2 are very insightful.
The customer success team have helped my company, Kluster.com , to maximise the value from G2 Marketing Solutions. Edan and Clare have been attentive and helped me with everything from the basics of how to navigate the platform to tips on encouraging our customers to leave reviews. The platform itself is intuitive and easy to use and has all of the resources that we need right there.
Our customer success managers Henry and Mark are constantly helping us get the most out of the platform and improving our profile. It's a very trusted source and helps us buildning creditability in our community. We also find the buyer intent data very useful as well as the integrations with LinkedIn and HubSpot.
Lucy and Ben are very efficient. They always provide us with accurate and up-to-date intel that helps us ensure we are on the right track for our own G2 reviews.
G2 employs some of the most professional customer success professionals I've worked with. Shoutout to Jade Cass and Siobhan Murphy!
It's great that the marketing solutions offer so many different ways to showcase your success - badges, widgets, so many ways, all covered by the badge of trust of the G2 brand.
They explained everything to us, clearly showed us. When we didn't understand something, we went back to it and it was explained to us again.
I think it is very interesting to have users' opinions to really evaluate a company as a CS, all my work is focused on ensuring a good experience for our users, and having their point of view and their encouragement via G2 is a very good way to value our work
It's amazing how many useful features the G2 platform has. Most of them you can easily use in a few clicks. Well-thought-through and organized information and step-by-step manuals make it easy to navigate the platform by yourself. And tones of case studies and examples shared by the team in comprehensive guides make it easier to navigate through the variety of ways you can use G2.  But the most important is the G2 team working with you. They are professionals that help you to get the maximum from your experience. In some way, it feels like you reinforced your own team with new members who generate ideas of what else could be done to improve your marketing results and even do part of your job (like outreach and so on). Fantastic!
Being the largest tech marketplace, it gives a unique opportunity to find the software you require for specific needs, plus the trust that it will measure to expectations thanks to the unbaised and authentic reviews left by real users. On the other side, working with G2 to list our company within their different categories, build trust in the community and showcase our unique product has been a very rewarding experience. Their team is always on top of everything and is ready to help in anything that might come up.
For me as good as the platform is for helping us showcase our product, it's the wrap-around support and care that really helps G2 to shine. Our account team are super supportive and the monthly call really allows us to get the most out of the platform.   For the platform itself, most things are super simple and intuitive which makes getting to grips with it quick and easy.
G2 is now a very well-known platform - especially for SaaS software: it helps us to feature our product in software categories and gives us visibility against competitors. Our CSMs are also very friendly and always eager to help!  Something that I like best on G2: they help us drive quarterly review campaigns, which help us to increase in ranking. Their badge and grid also get nowadays a lot of recognition from prospects.
Working with G2 has been a breeze. Their innovative tools and platform allow us to remain at the forefront of our industry. Their team is always on hand to help out and provide best practices.
The ability to compare your product against others both in terms of customer experience and market presence from within a comprehensive dashboardI
The more reviews gathered, the more functionality is unlocked, such as additional marketing content and the ability to create landing pages to curate your reviews.
Great customer service team. Very responsive and positive.
The friendly atmosphere on calls. Combined with product knowledge and great follow-up. I'm newer to using G2 as a promotional tool but enjoying the options to explore.
Online reviews help consumers make purchasing decisions.
We've been running a G2 campaign and our account managers, Henry and Mark, helped us immensely throughout our journey. It's been a great and smooth experience. All our concerns were addressed timely and properly. During frequent calls with Henry and Mark, we had a chance to ask any questions we had and discuss our strategy. Overall, it was an enormous pleasure working with such professional account managers. The platform itself is great as well.
First and most important are the team that is assigned to the project with you. We were lucky to have the best team Mark and Henry are doing amazing work with us. They also go deeper into our employees, teaching them the importance of reviews. The result was not late to come.
The biggest plus for us has been using reviews to help prospective buyers understand how we have helped existing customers in similar ways. Being able to show our strengths vs competitors on a macro and micro level also helps. The G2 team is also very helpful in educating us on best practices.
G2 offers a dedicated team of account managers and a variety of useful features.
G2 is easy to manage and offers loads of functionality to let your brand shine. I love how easy it is to set up incentivized landing pages to reward customers for their feedback. Beyond generating reviews, G2 provides strong competitive intelligence & research reports and comes packed with powerful marketing integrations. The ability to create reference pages and competitor comparisons is also very powerful and valued by our sales team. Finally, the G2 team is super helpful and knowledgeable!
Ever since we started using G2 (and built our company page) we started receiving many new leads from all around the world. The great advantage of G2 is the indexing of its categories on Google. That means that whenever someone searches "The Best Privacy Software for Businesses", they will get to Mine PrivacyOps pretty quickly. In addition, the seasonal badges and awards are great for our brand trust.
The G2 Marketing team is fantastic. Mark and Henry are professionals, which helps us to meet our business goals. We keep gaining value from our meetings and appreciate the immediate care of the outputs. The personal touch helps us to increase our value on the G2 website.
C'est une plateforme simple d'utilisation avec beaucoup de leviers qui nous permettent de donner de la visibilité à notre marque et générer des nouveaux leads / accelerer notre pipe. L'accompagnement des équipes est également top qualité!
The best thing is that G2 helps new, high-quality prospects find us at a great price. The next best thing is that they do it as part of a genuine partnership with us, supporting us every step of the way. I know that Mark and Henry have my back, and they consistently go above and beyond to help us reach our goals.
The team was always willing to go above and beyond to find ideas and fixes to increase success.
The EMEA Customer Success team have been very engaging and supportive in helping us utilise the platform
The buyer intent tools - these are particularly useful to our BD team, and even to marketing when profiling our ICP.
It has became as strong of a channel as our own website. Especially on the higher echelon prospects side (b2b, abm).
Excellent visibility for our customers and potential customers.
We are fascinated by the Buyer Intent feature as it helps a lot our Marketing and Sales teams. It gives a lot of insights that help market to the right prospect at the right time and close deals faster.
In general, I find the platform rather easy to navigate, and the team responds quickly when I have doubts.
We've only been using the platform actively for some months. But so far it's actually the personal help that we have received during the onboarding which has been the best part of the experience. I should also add that the Product portal is very valuable and contains a lot of useful information and material for marketing.
All the help from the G2 team during our onboarding process. They have shared insights on how to best use the G2 features to maximize the value from the solution, and also shared tips on how to encourage our customers to leave reviews.
G2 is one of the first places software buyers go to learn about your product these days, so it really gives us an opportunity to showcase our product and the amazing users we have.  But it's more than just reviews, the buyer intent information and other analytics are helpful to not only create leads, but also move opportunities through the pipeline.  To cap it off, their customer success and accounts team are second to none. I've worked with a number of reps at different organizations across  a number locations and each and every one of them have been proactive and a pleasure to work with.
G2 Marketing solutions are very professional. They provide excellent account management, various profile features and last, but not least, they provide quality traffic & leads to your SaaS solutions.
The best part of working with G2 Marketing Solutions is building out your company profile, allowing our own prospects to gain information and see real-world feedback and reviews from our customers.
I like the information and dashboards provided
The peer-review-led aspect of how G2 ranks solutions helps to provide a greater validity to our software and its offering.  Despite needing a large upfront payment, it tends to prove more cost-effective in the long term than some of the biddable PPC directories, where you ultimately end up driving up the PPC every month but the number of clicks and leads remain the same.  Our account and customer success managers, Austin and Michael, have both been great in helping us to optimise our profile and get the most out of our G2 package.  Also, really like the new profile sections in the software categories, with the addition of extra data and ratings info.
The access to all different reports, data, reviews, and awards. Plus our BDR team really appreciate the intent data.
The G2 vendor portal is super easy to use, and the onboarding/ongoing support we've received from the customer success team has been one of the best we've experienced. We hit our initial review target within the first three months of our contract and were awarded the  'High Performer' badge, which has already helped us generate sales-ready leads and beat our competitors to several deals.
G2 grids are very helpful when it comes to seeing where you are placed against competitors.
In my opinion, the most helpful thing we've seen from G2 so far is identifying where we can work on our product. We haven't been working with G2 for too long so I can't comment on the overall benefits yet but so far its been helpful.
Great support from the customer success team and sharing of best practices suitable for our situation.
G2 Marketing Solutions has provided our company with personalized support and consistently beneficial tactics as to how to maximize our efforts on G2. Their non-PPC model works best for our business.
G2 is honest about ranking companies in the categories - regardless if you're paying or not - your position is based on your reviews. This is the best thing you can do for your organic traffic without needing to publish content on your own. Just be ranked high in your category in G2. Also, if you do decide to become a paying customer for GH2 then the support team and account managers really put in effort to make sure you succeed.
G2 help us gather and showcase our product (MightyCall) reviews. Grid reports are fantastic as well. The customer success team is the best!
Out of my many calls with vendors, software tools, etc., I always know my check-in calls with G2 will be worthwhile. I feel like we're able to address specific issues and objectives as well as plan for more strategic projects.
I get a great deal of information from G2's research reports.
High availability; very responsive; professional individuals; always follows up on progress, and above all, result-driven and genuinely success-oriented CSM team.
G2 Marketing Solution provides us with a platform and tools to authorize us as a leader within our field, as well as giving us one of the best channels to capture high intent prospects.
The G2 platform lets us collect honest reviews and display our product features in one place. It has proved to be very powerful for our sales team.
It's a great way to get customer feedback on your product and services. Jatin and Ben from G2 have been super helpful too! Always on hand to offer support and advice as we look for ways to improve our review generation efforts and profile.
I love the intuitive dashboard. Important metrics are at your fingertips, and most of what you need is readily accessible. I also love the team. They are responsive and really take the time to work with you on achieve better results.
G2 helps me to have a very good market overview. From a product admin point of view, it gives me valuable insights into my product. Great way to identify advocates as well. From a user standpoint, is. The best place to find the right tool to equip my team with the right tech stack. The CSM team is also amazing. I had the pleasure of working with Jade and Jasmine and I only have good things to say about both.
I really like the professional support that you get from the customer success team from G2. They will come up with ideas, best practices and more to help or even design the whole review strategy with you.
The G2 team provide excellent support and have been a great help in securing our new reviews and badges.
You can trust G2! They ensure that the responses are reliable, so it's one of the tools I trust the most!  Also, their level of service is fantastic; you feel like G2 is a true partner in your success.
G2 has a great onboarding and customer success team.
The tool is straightforward to use, and I can get a lot of insights from profile visitors. The fact that you can see when they visited our site and G2, says a lot.
Besides being a great platform to build credibility and trust for a brand, G2 also offers quarterly reports that our team are yet to discover (but very much looking forward).  The best thing about G2 though is their team's amazing customer support and service. Our customer support manager Michael Lydon is not only incredibly quick to respond with valuable advice and guidance regarding our questions, but also proactive in reaching out to us himself offering new ideas and support on how we can leverage the customer review collection process and build our profile in the most effective way. Always friendly and available for a chat, Michael sets a standard for customer service across other platforms that we engage with.
G2 is a great system QBank work with frequently within sales, marketing and soon support. Great support, do always have good tips on how to work even better with generating leads etc.
The top 3 things about G2 Marketing Solutions are the leads it brings directly from the platform, the intent data we can couple with native advertising software, and the badges/reports we can use in our marketing campaigns. This tool is optimal for someone who likes to automate processes as it is easy to integrate with other software. G2 also has a fantastic customer success team that helps you get the most out of your experience and the resources you pay for.
That you can see what company is looking for your product at the moment.
The supporting team are great, and the platform is nice and clear
Lots of opportunities for content repurposing through reviews, badges, grids, and awards. The very helpful account managers provide recommendations for G2 marketing.
- Create brand awareness  - Showcase customers reviews the world - Add trust through G2 badges on marketing assets (website, social media, etc) - Support for their team!
The fact that all the reports are vetted and verified by G2 gives credibility to the badges and reports. When a prospect or customer wants to research our service, we feel confident pointing them to G2 for reliable and honest info about our product. The team is also really helpful and supportive, providing plenty of ideas and examples of how we can use the content.
G2 allows us to collect customer feedback, better understand the market, and develop our product based on it. We also use the buyer intent features to support our outbound sales efforts. The CSM team has been extremely helpful and responsive in supporting us with review campaigns, onboarding, and any of our questions. They regularly go above and beyond to get our questions answered quickly.
As a platform with more than 20 million users around the world, the G2 marketplace helps people so much to discover useful tools, compare them with other platforms, and leave honest reviews. The grids are also very helpful. What I like the most is the approach of the Customer Success team, and how caring and responsive they are.
The clarity around the website. How helpful and expert G2 reps are.
The G2 Marketing Solution is easy to use, and the analytics is most helpful in gaining a comprehensive competitive market overview.
Seeing the progress we make in review count from quarter to quarter
We've been working with G2 for some time as a platform for credible information for prospective customers. As we work to help clients unlock the next level of growth in their business, G2 helps us do the same. 🚀 The support and customer success team (Mark and Henry) are always on hand to help us improve and scale up.
Any time we have some questions about the functionality or need some assistance, the team is quick to help and propose suitable solutions. It does not always work out, but I appreciate the effort and responsiveness. Also, we've found out that 50% of our deals have been, to some extent, influenced by our profile on G2 - I think that speaks for itself.
It's the best tool there is to gather reviews for your application. This way you have a nice overview of what your clients think. Also the grids that are available make you want to do better than your competitors on a daily basis. Mark is a true star as a CSM
Automated process of receiving leads and insights.
I love how granular I can get with the targeting - such as I can target people who visited my company page differently than the people who visited the company category
The review process is trustworthy.  They have very strict review requirements that are important for quality.
We enjoy the possibilities we have with G2 – whether badges, reviews, or brand awareness (especially in international markets). It's a good resource to gather honest feedback from our customers.
The reviews aspect of G2 is quite good. It is a useful way to gain feedback for our Customer Success Team, although an internal, more affordable system would likely suffice.
The G2 reports are insightful and the relationship managers assigned to me are excellent!
The platform is well laid out both on the user interface and the external platform that prospective customers can use to find services and understand what other customers are saying. The support from customer success is great too.
G2 gives our marketing a tremendous boost. We display our milestones and badges achieved on almost every page of our website. We also use our rankings and badges in other marketing and sales collateral like presentations, documentation, and visuals. Unlike other review websites, G2 is very user-friendly, innovative, and brings us as a software vendor a lot of creditability by our customers and prospects. I also love working with our account managers at g2, everyone is very involved, thinking with us, and very helpful!
G2 helps us have insights into the little things that go unnoticed throughout the sales cycle. It is hard to attribute successes and impact in a world where everything is connected. Being able to share what our customers love about us and use that intent data helps us understand what is effective in our processes and our product.
We were happy to see the results early on. Our managers Henry and Mark advised us on the best practices of collecting reviews and, once we'd collected those, the badges came in quickly. The onboarding was easy and straightforward, and our queries were resolved quickly. There's a feeling that our G2 managers really care about our business interests and experience with the platform. Overall, a very positive experience.
easy to navigate as a user and merchant!
The intent platform is a useful tool for finding in-market prospective buyers, and having access to marketing materials really helps add credibility to your own brand's GTM.
G2 has increased our visibility in Google search results. We've received helpful feedback from customers. We're using positive reviews in our marketing content. The customer success team is always eager to ensure we're getting the most out of G2.
The clear backend, the helpful customer success team, and ofc the ability to reach a broader market.
Love the team, the support and the spirit. Always helpful and trying to inspire momentum in your business.
Our personal CS team (Shoutout to Akshat, Will and Mark) helps us get the most out of G2 and our review campaigns. Super quick response time and always sharing new ideas.  G2 plays an essential role in the customer feedback loop.
The largest software review platform, user-friendly, and widely represented in search engines. Great guys - our Customer Success managers, quickly answer all questions. Cool badge system for reviews.
They have great employees (Charlie and Michael) who have good ideas for collecting more reviews, and these guys are very friendly. They are always doing their best to help us stay on top. We use our badges and ranking to show prospects that our customers love us. It's a great way to build trust.
- The CS team is very supportive, approachable, and very proactive - Overall good analytics to compare your performance with other competitors
Being able to run review campaigns with incentives through G2 is the point that I like the most. Other than that, the detailed statistics on how your product ranks on G2 are a good plus.
- Great way to centralize reviews from your customers and use referrals as a powerful lever to convert prospects in customers. - The release of four reports a year to create communication/marketing moments - Ability to aggregate reviews by industry, company size or geo
In Demand Generation, I use G2 both as a lead generation strategy but also as a tool for myself to vet new vendors.
The reviews are helpful feedback on the perceived strengths and weaknesses of our product. Any issues can be fed back to the product team.
It really is quite easy to use once you actually try using the backend stuff. I like that you have a deditcated succes Team who will assist yo at any time.
Reading and receiving reviews from real users, surfacing the pros and cons they've experienced with the products they've used, allowing you to make smarter decisions and tweak your own product.
easy to manage and the team is incredibly responsive
G2 is a very trustworthy website from both the company and customer sides. All the reviews, reports and grids have strict rules. That's why you know that competition is fair and every tool in a high position is great.
It helps you understand what categories are out there, how you can position your product. It allows you to have additional insights from your customers in a trusted platform, and sometimes, those reviews are pure gold. Having a good profile and good reviews will also help your sales team with prospects. Having CRM integrations and webhooks make your life so much easier.
During my contact and work with G2, I have really appreciated their swift help with all of my questions. As I had no experience with review strategy etc. as it is not something I usually work with in my area, it is great to be guided thoroughly! It is also great to receive concrete examples during my calls with Edan who is our contact person at G2 :)
The G2 badges are well-recognized, so it's nice to use them in our communication.
G2 is pretty much the go-to name for SaaS reviews. We see genuine ROI from our annual subscription fee, proven by leads referred from G2's website. In the past, the G2 team has been helpful in talking with us about product categorization to make sure we're reflected properly according to the services we offer. OUr G2 reps have always been available to help out and resolve any queries we have.
custom reports, competitive analysis, intent data
That people rely on the reviews, excellent service and support team, always finding new ways to help!
G2 is an excellent platform that allows us to collect authentic reviews and increase credibility with prospects. You get access to many useful lead-nurturing tools and their famous quarterly grid reports, which can be integrated strategically across all marketing content. We've deployed a couple of successful review campaigns via G2, and they've been excellent at guiding us through the process.   The customer support team is fantastic. Mark and Henry bring many ideas to every meeting and show us how to make the most of the platform. Always positive and quick to respond!
G2 team was always helpful. They are responding to all the questions and are really interested in the success of the review gathering. Also platform itself is intuitive.
What we like best is the international visibility provided by the platform. Being on G2 really helps us increase our product's visibility on several markets and bring customer proof to convince our prospects. The support team is also very reactive, always available and super helpful.
The ease of use of the dashboard , the analytics and the customer support
G2 offers one of the most advanced backends and UX within the market of software review platforms. The platforms gives us tangible insights about our prospects while also providing competitor analysis and feedback for our product teams.
G2 has a very strong and well-established name within the SaaS 'affiliate' space and therefore has become a synonymous place for potential clients to research software solutions and explore comparisons between alternates. The backend CMS is well defined and offers great tools to track and monitor prospects from both an ABM and brand point of view. They also provide the all-important "gamification" or g2 badges that have become a representation of trust in the greater market.
The most powerful thing is the high number and quality of customer reviews about any B2B Software in the market. Also, it's great to sort the reviews by different filters. And finally, getting reports with quantitative information complements the qualitative info you get from reviews.
The tool helps you with brand credibility through the badges and discovers improvements in our product. My CSM and RM have worked hard to help us drive our brand to the top.
It provides even the smallest SaaS companies with the validation they need to attract new leads, track competitors and minimise churn.
I like using the G2 platform because the panel is sleek and smart to navigate; I can easily find all the grids, statistics and new reviews to check. Gathering customer feedback is crucial, and with G2, it's fast and efficient. Whenever I need support and ask CSM Michael Lydon or RM Charlie Albuery for help, I'm impressed by how they fast respond and listen to all my requests. I think they truly know that it is all about relationship and support.
Product profiling, reviews, the amount of due diligence in authenticating user feedback, and how G2 researches products and publishes reports using state of the art algorithm. G2 got a fantastic team and is very responsive and helpful.
The best thing about G2 is the trust they have built with their own audience. When leads discover our service on G2, we can tell there is more going on than mere product/feature comparison. Unlike similar services, G2 is clearly regarded as a trusted advisor and an authority when it comes to researching software.
A great Customer Success Manager, consistently rapid in replying to my issues or questions, which is really helpful.
The best part of working with G2 is having a dedicated team to meet with every month. They always have helpful insights and tips to share to help us optimize our profile and drive more traffic to our product page.
Unique ideas for generating reviews with plenty of examples and research to back them up.
G2 gives me insightful data about our customers and competition and helps us develop our marketing and sales strategies. It also increases our visibility. Working with our customer success managers Mark Landey and Henry Dann is a pleasure, they are very friendly, professional and knowledgeable.
The intent and buyer alerts around competition are amazing , our sales team jumps on these and begins messaging around this intent data and get amazing responses.
I like that G2 helps our brand to build consumer trust. Our relationship has been well taken care of by Will and Swati who continue to support our efforts as much as they can.
Is a great way to collect honest and unbias reviews of your product and service. You learn so much reading what your customers say about your product here.
An nice tool for SaaS marketing! We display our verified reviews and awards on our website and marketing activities. The CSM team has been extremely helpful and responsive in supporting us with new ways to promote our brand and achievements, review campaigns, new category listings and any of our questions. So thank you, Mark, Henry and Matt, for helping us become a leader in our category!
I love their fantastic account management support team. They patiently answer all my questions, send me tons of resources and provide brainstorming and strategy support.
Gain visibility and authentic reviews from people who've used the software
G2 gives us a great platform to receive user feedback on our services, in the relevant categories, helping us to see how they stack up against competitors. The process is user friendly and gives us a great opportunity to respond to, and act on the feedback. The review moderation process is thorough, and integral to the credibility of the reviews, badges and rankings earned.  The Customer Success Team is awesome - always responsive and helpful. They provide great advice on better ways to use the platform, as well as the insights gained from the report data.
We've been with G2 for a long time. First, on a free plan, which was bringing us leads. Now we're on a paid plan, which brings even more. Support is also great.
G2 makes it easy to capture reviews from our customers, which gives our company and products more credibility and helps us gain new leads. We always look forward to showcasing our new G2 badges every season. It also gives us valuable intent data on which companies are looking at our product categories and competitors, which helps our Sales team know where to spend their time, especially with the information being pushed into our CRM. The G2 team has also been a great partner in ensuring we always get the most out of their platform.
The support staff was fantastic and I like the layout of the reviews
The support team - Jade and Nathan are always on hand whenever we have questions. They help us to get the best out of the platform and maximise the data we get from G2 as much as possible.
Ease of use, variety and richness of the tools available. We use incentivized reviews quite a lot, it has allowed us to drive more potential leads and generate awareness about our product.
The platform is intuitive & features are powerful. The ability to collect authentic customer reviews resulting in the quarterly reports and badges further reinforces our credibility and product offering Our customer support team is fantastic.
I love that I can find and assess software when narrowing down options. It is also great to read reviews form industry peers and that helps and streamline decision making processes.
We absolutely love working with G2 to boost reviews from our customers. They've supported us with campaign ideas, marketing collateral, analytics, and regular check-ins.
It's great to quickly pull up some PDFs that show you vs your competitors. This makes sales enablement material creation very easy and a quick win not just for marketing but for sales too
G2 provides my company with high-quality prospects and helpful information to make enrichment easy and sales outreach a cinch! Plus, our Account Manager Mark is a dream!
G2 is not only a great tool to vet tools for your business, but having your tool listed in G2 is fantastic in so many ways. On the one hand, it's a great bottom-funnel lead generator, and on the other hand, you can use it internally as well.  You can see how your tool stacks up against your competitors according to users, you can analyze what your users find the most beneficial in their own words, and you can also use it to research what features are missing or need improvement. Great for marketing and product.
G2 is a reputable source for our customers to check out reviews of our company and see how we do in various areas compared to our competitors.
Being able to showcase our product, social proof, customer impact
G2 is a nice verbatim manifestation of customer experience. The reviews can provide valuable insights.
Excellent customer service - Siobhan and Jade are super helpful and react quickly whenever we need help! We can always count on them for support! The platform itself is intuitive and gives control to the team so that we can change a lot of things on our own.
I like the ease of getting reviews and comparing our product with those of our competitors. I also enjoy the badges we receive because they make me feel connected to our audience. And the G2 staff are open and supportive!
G2 Marketing Solutions give limitless possibilities to grow your brand awareness and recognition in particular market your company is in. It's a great alternative to well-recognised analyst firms where your company may not be recognised as a Leader due to revenue restrictions, number of customers, etc. Here what matters are authentic customers who speak out about your brand.
It helps us reach new audiences through reviews. Their team has been super helpful; they helped us deploy successful review campaigns, and ultimately reach leader status in various reports.
SEO Power Buyer intent Comparison with competition Customer feedback Social impact Marketing assets: badges, reports, platform
G2 provides an all-in-one solution which is easy to understand and implement. We evaluated other review sites before choosing G2. G2 stood out regarding team response, the information provided through the sales cycle, and the fact that it is all packaged together in one solution rather than pay-to-play. This option suits us better at this point. It's also easier to implement and get going with the review collection. I can't speak highly enough of Nathan and Jade, whom I work with on the G2 side - some of the best customer support I have experienced, and it's a joy to work with them. They share helpful tips and updates, which are really appreciated. That's what builds loyalty, and importantly they also deliver results!
Handy analytics and features to wrap up your most relevant reviews in collections that are relevant for specific types of personas.
Since ramping up our activity on g2 we have seen a significant increase in referrals and SQLs. The ZoomINFO integration is great as it enables us to identify our ICPs for organisations engaging with us, and our competitors. Not only this, the team are amazing and go above and beyond in doing what they can to ensure we get maximum value from the channel.
G2 is really well established and a solid go-to for anyone looking to research how business software can help solve a problem.
I like the design of the badges, and the review process as well - it is trustworthy and very detailed.  The customization part is very useful and the possibilities to expose & market the best parts of your offer, and your brand in general, are growing by the day.
What I like the most about G2  1) the back office - I can extract a lot of information myself, I have interesting insights about my review activities, competition 2) pre-written texts after the release of reports: each report has a little text that we can easily use by simply copy pasting, with the key information about our positioning. 3) Badges and grid  4) the ease of validation for assets
The service, support, and our dashboard.
The team at G2 Marketing Solutions is really very helpful, especially Jade who is always prompt and positive with her responses. What's more, Jade always gives insightful solutions to our problems like getting more reviews. The G2 team always leverages their industry experience to guide us. They have also made great strides in customer education by launching the G2 University.
The best thing for me is the intent data, being able to see the companies viewing your profile or researching competitors is brilliant. What sets G2 apart from other intent platforms I've used is the integrations and the support from our CSM and AE.   The way that G2 has integrations with Salesforce, LeanData & SalesLoft means it perfectly integrates with our tech stack, meaning we can create rigorous processes for the leads we get. We can also easily create social audiences to retarget those visitors, removing the manual work is a real game changer for the data we see come in.   The support we get is also far above what I've experienced before, the team always brings ideas to our monthly calls to help us get the most from the tool.
They have excellent Relationships and Success Managers. They are super responsive and persistent in solving your issues. You can feel personalized attention from them.
Licensing G2's content has enabled us to provide trusted and reliable social proof on our key marketing touch points. The data points that are currently available are quite detailed and highly relevant to potential customers. We've been working with G2 for over three years, and the customer success team has been not only dedicated to our success but proactive and open to feedback.
G2 Marketing Solutions helps potential prospects to learn more about your tool. As a user, it is also a great tool to find software and identify its benefits/weaknesses quickly. The G2 team is always willing to help and give us some more insights on the different tools available to us.
I really like G2s intent data, where I can track what companies are reviewing our space (Customer Success), our peers and competitors and us specifically. Great insights and quite actionable for our sales teams. Also helps having to stellar CSMs supporting you every step of the way (Mark and Henry).
I work in marketing and G2 is extremely helpful in gathering reviews that can be repurposed as social proof elsewhere on our website and social media. I particularly like the badges, reports, and grid, which directly compare our company with competitors.
The reports at the end of each season which give you a good overview of how you are doing versus your competitors.
The level of support and attention to detail from our customer success reps during our campaign
Great customer success team, focus on making the page better, giving ideas and assets to use
Extremely helpful and responsive. Open to communicating in our preferred software e.g. Slack which makes communication fast and effective. Always gave me the best advice and explained every little detail
I like Marks's supprt and creative ideas on how to improve our G2 account
The widgets are given for multiple purposes
The platform has been invaluable for social proofing, and we refer a lot of potential clients to our page.  The guidance from the support team is also brilliant.  Henry and Mark are really knowledgeable on our company and product and always have great ideas on how best to make G2 work for us.
Everything in G2 is easy to use and it's easy to reach the team when needed.
The ability to capture customer feedback and turn it into powerful social proof. G2 is where I learn more about software products, and as a marketer, I can't afford not to be leveraging the power of G2 for our company. The team does an excellent job of positioning G2 as the market leader and attracting, educating and inspiring millions of "software shoppers".
Our Customer Success Managers are always friendly and helpful, and help us to make the most of the software and services that are available to us through the platform.
The review program is well thought and the possibility to share reviews in various marketing channels is great. Customer success has been really helpful at G2 - special thanks for Mark.
An easy platform that enables getting reliable feedback from customers.
The easy to use interface. The G2 badges are great for marketing
G2 will help set up notifications for our sales teams based on intent of users researching our categories. It also runs review emails which is one less thing our customer marketing team needs to do.
The buyer intent is definitely the most important part for us, and access to marketing assets such as badges and industry grids.
After the first few reviews, we started to receive valuable marketing materials. We used them heavily on Social, especially LinkedIn and could gain significant engagement from our target group. I particularly like how G2 staff is engaging with such social content, which helps spread the word even further.   We decided to use G2 instead of building expensive analyst relationships, which paid off very quickly, especially if one has a solid social team that creatively utilises content.
Easy-to-use marketing solution tool with great customer support.
There is no doubt that G2 is the most familiar software review platform. Our social proof on all marketing assets is greatly enhanced by the G2 seasonal reports with all of their badges you can earn and claim.  Their dashboard is simple, and their account managers are some of the best I've encountered. And above all, we really learn a lot from all the reviews.
Good and fast communication, always helpful.
Easy to use and collaborate on internally. We are able to see how our competitors are performing and measure ourselves against the competition. Its great to see the progress on dashboards and track review activity
The G2 team is very helpful and is motivated to help generate more reviews for our business page. The review campaigns are a great way to generate new reviews from customers. The platform is easy to navigate.
The ability to tailor a package to match our business strategy
It's been really worthwhile in gathering reviews from users and getting access to data on companies who are searching for a platform like ours.
The reporting of our review performance against our competitors helps us to get a better understanding of our market positioning. The feedback we receive from customers helps us to improve our product roadmap, so we can better serve our client base and develop our software. Our Account Manager, Siobhan, is so responsive and helpful! She is also a joy to meet with and always brings energy and new ideas to our monthly check-ins.
I appreciate to receive fast feedback each time I've a question. I always get great support whenever I'm in need. Our Relationship Manager is a true problem solver.
G2 delivers third-party, peer reviews for software solutions in a process-driven way that is both helpful and convenient. As G2 handles the reviews entirely, customers can be sure these are independent and tamper-free -- this in turn helps vendors build trust, by showing prospects what customers truly think of the brand and its offerings. The platform also serves as a window into a company's solutions, by enabling vendors to set up and update product pages with ease. The Account Manager team to assist vendors are helpful and friendly.
Our G2 team is extremely helpful, they are always helping us ideate, think differently, and ensure that we are using the program to it's fullest capabilities
Always helpful with questions & insanely good initiative, which definitely helps us move forward
G2 as a platform is really easy to use and gives you lots of valuable insights.  As a business, it's really great that reviews are verified so other users know they can be trusted and they're not being faked. The badges that you can earn from each report are also great for marketing.  Have to say our account manager Siobhan is also excellent. Over the two years we've worked together, she's always been there to offer advice and support, plus, it's been lovely to have a catch-up when you've been working together for a while! She has gone the extra mile for us and done things like present to our business on the importance of reviews and different ways we can run review campaigns.
The quality of the service is excellent. We got a lot of support from Siobhan on improving our product page and which parts to focus on. It really felt like an extension of the team, focused on delivering our results, rather than a sales-focused relationship.
As a B2B SaaS marketing veteran, I know how crucial it is to provide prospects with social proof. So I knew I had to get my G2 game up to speed when I started heading the marketing. I'm happy to say G2's team helped me set up my page very quickly and helped me get an initial number of reviews to put my startup on the map. We even won 9 G2 badges just about 3 months after starting.
G2 has been the platform to showcase our customers' trust in the public's eye. We have been getting more leads and Visitors to our site through G2. The new users feel confident about our product following the reviews on G2. Our CSM @Arijit_Das has been very helpful and supportive in every aspect. A special thanks to him!
The G2 platform is incredibly helpful in finding quality leads. The setup is very easy and self-explanatory, and my account manager Siobhan is the absolute best! She's helped me gain over 100 reviews for 2 different companies I've worked for thus far. G2 gives you the opportunity to showcase your company's value propositions and bring in quality leads.
The team are very knowledgeable and always contactable - always on hand with ideas to help build the reviews to help with the business
Onboarding was super smooth, and we've made a good start with reviews on the platform. The grids are helpful to see how we compare to competitors, and we enjoy using the badges too. It's an excellent way for us to build brand awareness and credibility.   Mark and Henry are great! At every catch-up meeting, they come with new ideas and examples of how we can gather more reviews and use all of the features.
The platform is really easy to use, and you get so much information from it - including which companies have looked at your page! The team at G2 are also really helpful and give you loads of great advice for getting the most from the site.
I really like that you can promote your company, our offers, and the support. Wow! Amazing! Answers all our questions super fast! :)
The review generation campaigns have been great for boosting our rankings in relevant categories. We weren't on any grids just over a year ago, and now we're featured in 6.  The team are great and super helpful to work with as well.
I really like G2's customer service. All G2 managers I ever worked with were very supportive and fully invested in improving the performance of our advertising package.
Lucy is an absolute star - really has all the information at her fingertips, very proactive, great advice and excellent communicator
It's simple to use, the team are great and we get unbelievable value from seeing our customer reviews.
G2 becomes a best practice WW. Customers know the platform and understand the importance of sharing reviews. Having great reviews helps our Sales process and improve our service.
I love all the insights we get regarding our presence and positioning compared to our competitors and the way the platform helps us have more visibility on customer journeys.
The team provides valuable insights and suggestions on how to gain new reviews. They always support their pitches with statistics and solid data analysis.
I like to hear how my customers are getting value from my company's product. We can use that to share with other customers, leverage in social and provide feedback to our product team.
The insights directly from users has provided invaluable feedback for us to make decisions
G2 Marketing Solutions allows us to have our G2 reviews on many of the SaaS marketplaces where our company has solutions listed!
G2 is super helpful when looking up ISV's or alternative PRM solutions, the categories and directory are crucial to the way navigate different industries and drive business.
G2 intent is one of the things that I like in G2. We will have the visibility of companies researching about us and competitors is the one of the best features.
What I like most about G2 Marketing Solutions is that it effectively allows teams to leverage their positive customer base reputation. Automation and integrations help automate the story of your business, and G2 provides much better and more detailed insight to make a decision.
The automation and simplicity of the emails to send out. I like that they have it built with triggers to remind your customers to write a review. I like that you can see how you compare to your competitors.
I use G2 to collect customer reviews. As a Customer Marketer, that stuff is like pure gold to me. Both from a product feedback standpoint and from a market perception standpoint, nothing is more valuable than a constant influx of customer reviews.
Using G2 has been great for getting us more visibility and seeing the buyer intent data. There are a lot of widgets and tools within G2 that have been great. Some we have yet to explore but so far the experience has been positive.
Find new software as well promote your own software with real reviews.
Working with G2 has a lot of big benefits:   - They help my team to think, in a more targeted way, about how we're represented in the world.   - They give us the tools to share our product with a wider audience.   - They provide a structure for generating feedback in a repeatable way.   - They generate insight into the browsing patterns of our leads and how our competitors are presenting themselves.  - We've also maintained a very solid relationship with the team at G2 throughout the purchase and onboarding process with Jordan, Will and Akshat. They don't let us rest on our laurels and keep us motivated to do the work and get full value from the platform.
prospect tracking, web hooks, buyer intent
Best to use this product in this market because no other company like G2 had these many products and features to get addressed hear along with practical documentation
G2 is a great platform! We enjoy working with the G2 team. They are extremely responsive and helpful. The platform itself is always evolving but the functions provided by G2 are awesome - for example: the review program and grid reports as well as the intent data. The integration with 6sense allows us to really see who is in market to buy allowing us to make more informed phone calls.
Jade is very proactive in sharing best practices on how we can use G2 more effectively and joins the call with the best possible energy. It feels like having a very educational cup of coffee with a friend. Love our talks and leaving each call with new ways of improving our position definitely is great!
The thing that made my experience great with G2 is I am able to check and review the software that I am using. I am helping also the company to know what are the great things about their software and also the things that they need to improve
G2 marketing solutions help people to choose what application they would buy by providing reviews from all users who have experience with a certain application.
G2 is the pinnacle in terms of effective solutions, with a unique and easy-to-use interface, it allows customers dynamic management and is attractive to users, it is a fast and effective system in terms of marketing.  The use of ABM is totally magnificent when it comes to growing in the world of technology and this G2 service allows it in an incredible way. He also defends clients with valuable ideals and gives solutions in a concrete, direct and correct way possible.  the tools that G2 presents us help to provide the best solutions for the growth of our businesses. It's the new world for customers. generating thousands and millions of interested parties but most importantly they are satisfied with their work.
It's platform makes it easy to send out reviews
G2 has a thriving community of software users, experts, and professionals. Users can actively participate in discussions, ask questions, and seek advice from the community, creating a collaborative environment for knowledge sharing.   Not to mention the trustworthy ratings and rankings based on real user reviews. This grid particularly, offers a visual representation of software products' market presence and customer satisfaction, enabling users to compare and evaluate different options within specific categories effectively.  This marketplace encourages software vendors to actively engage with users, respond to reviews, and address concerns which fosters vendor accountability and transparency, allowing potential buyers to gauge the vendor's commitment to customer satisfaction.
G2 Crowd is a platform that provides complete insight for making an informed decision about choosing a software platform. It facilitates the customers with an unbiased experience through trusted & verified opinions, thus leading them to choose a platform for their enterprise without any hassle.
Since I've been using G2 Marketing Solutions, I must say that it has been a fantastic platform for software gathering genuine evaluations.G2 offers helpful lead-nurturing capabilities that have been crucial in advancing our marketing initiatives.
The G2 website has a well structured layout and gives you a thoroughly planned out survey style review process that makes leaving a review an enjoyable and fulfilling experience.
Definitely helps with customer perception. We do hear often that deals that we signed, the prospects checked us out on G2 before making the decision. G2 team is helpful.
It's an easy way to get client testimonals.
I find it helpful for purchasing software and for business development
The ability to include demo videos, pitches, book demos on the go. Intent data which can be used for Abm later.
I like how practical it is and how it's wide range of companies always helps us.
The sales process was great. I tried the platform for free for awhile and when I was ready, I purchased to better customize the searcher's experience and to improve our online presence as a customer success and sales training academy.
We do like a lot the bages structure and rational. This is exciting as we are working closely with them and getting their feedback from our solution. This is getting a great exposure of our platform and will increase our business as well.
It deep down shows the competitive analysis and gap areas which can give you various insights to improvise your own product or service to rank better on searches.
We love our Relationship Manager Charlie and Customer Success Manager Rachel. Their support really helped us to get things going quickly. The 6-month and 1-year reviews were helpful to see how far we have gone and to create strategies for the coming year. The CS structure has changed a little bit; we hope that it won't affect the relationship with G2 going forward.  The platform itself is also very good, quite extensive and a lot of options. We integrate it with our HubSpot to keep track of form submissions on G2.
The level of support from G2 team and easy user interface
- ability to gather customer insights  - give customer champions a voice - powerful self serve admin portal  - great CSM support
The dashboards in G2 are very thorough and allow you to easily look at where your product ranks in it's category and against it's competitors. Buyer intent is also a useful tool.
I like that the analytics is robust to see where things are coming from.
I like our rep is easily accessible and responds to us quickly and helps us get more reviews from G2
I enjoy how much G2  is looking towards the future and adapting to the ever-changing world of the internet/technology. Our rep is also awesome and super knowledgeable.
Great personal account support. Our rep meets with us regularly and tries to do all she can to help us get the most out of the G2 system.
G2 Intent is an invaluable asset for our team, providing exceptional capabilities in identifying and understanding purchase intent. The insights it provides have been crucial in shaping our strategic decisions and tailoring our approach to potential clients.  The user interface is intuitive, making it easy to navigate and extract valuable data. Real-time alerts keep us informed of potential opportunities, allowing us to engage with prospects at the right moment.  What truly sets G2 Intent apart is the outstanding support from the G2 team. Tai and Edan, from the support team, have been instrumental in providing timely assistance and showing genuine interest in our company's success.  G2 Intent's integrations with tools like Zoominfo and Salesloft have streamlined our workflow, creating a seamless experience for lead generation and marketing programs.  If you're looking for a tool that goes beyond traditional lead generation and provides deep insights into buyer behavior, G2 Intent is the game-changer you need to enhance your sales and marketing strategies.
We first focused on review generation to enhance our company profile with G2 but have now realized how instrumental G2 is in our sales cycle. With prospects utilzing G2 to compare our company with competitors, we have been able to leverage this data to enhance our value props and differentiate ourselves from the competition. In addition to this, we are just tapping into G2 Intent and already seeing great things and are excited to see the full value of this tool.
1. Intent data from G2 is an essential part of our outbound strategy. Also the rich context (product and place visited, history, buying stage, etc.) and additional information provided (relevant people to reach out, Bombora intent topics, etc.) help us finetune our outbound strategy and make it more actionable   2. Real-time Slack alerts are helpful (profile and pricing page visits)—helps us quickly action on them  3. Excellent customer experience right from onboarding to customer success. The CSM is always quick to respond even during this holiday season. He truly tries to solve problems and meet requirements—be it soliciting more reviews from our customers or maximizing our use of the platform. Also, his emails with new feature releases are very helpful and actionable
Creating a QR code was fast and simple. Their customser support is top notch!
The G2 platform has be instrumental securing reviews from our global customers. The platform is intututive in terms of company profile set up, reports are detailed, and the account management support that my team and I have received has been exceptional.
G2 has really great functionality and the team we work with is always quick to respond to answer our questions and teach us how to use anything they offer.
G2 has a strong brand reputation in the software reviews space with both consumers and software providers. By leveraging them as a third-party source for quality customer feedback, we've been able to build and strengthen our own company's brand reputation.  In addition, the G2 CSMs we have had for the last few years have all been committed to partnering with us to grow and strengthen our profile and position in category. I know they're available to support us whenever we have a need.
I LOVE the team. They are always available for questions. They also go out of their way to ensure we have the tools needed to get the most out of the platform.
I like the simplicity of their backend system to enhance your profile and get more reviews. It makes it easy to view stats, and grab any marketing badges you'll need. It also like the social templates it gives you.
We set up our lead flow to sync automatically with Salesforce from G2 and were able to easily start collecting highly-qualified leads. The team at G2 is also very helpful and provides timely responses whenever we reach out and they have helped us through several team transitions and strategy changes.
G2, with its extensive customer base and status as the review site attracting the most traffic, is well-equipped to address your specific needs and challenges. It simplifies the process of identifying your requirements and discovering how others are tackling issues similar to yours. Additionally, G2's grid report and award system provide us with current insights into the competitive landscape, encouraging us to continually explore new methods to engage our customer base."
This is an amazing marketing tool and our Customer Service Manager is incredibly resourceful and available to help when we need it. Always offering new ideas, helping us know what the next steps are. Once the G2 ball gets rolling, it picks up momentum really quickly!
G2's marketing tools can adapt to teams of all sizes. They have plenty of features to help scale the customer voice into other teams and systems (e.g. reference pages, quote library, integrations with 6sense). It is simple enough for a team of one to learn quickly, but robust enough for an entire marketing org to find value out of it. More than anything, the direct support I've received from G2 has been huge in my continuing to advocate and find value in the platform. Our Account Manager and Customer Success Manager have become valued professional peers — it really feels like I've built a rapport with them. They are patient and not pushy and bring a consultative approach to our partnership.
The platform is very modern and easy to use. Lots of greaf analytics features.
I worked previously for a SMB organization who relied on G2 and customer reviews to build their credibility and lead flow in a new business category.
Using G2 and growing your product profile is an incredibly power tool for customer aquisiton and retention. Its easy to find endless ways to utilize the profile to by building different types of content to be used in organic and paid digital channels. Something we do all year long. Also using their buyer intent to give your sales team and account managers insight on new and current customers. The G2 staff are also genius, they help ten fold in making sure you maximize the potential of your G2 account. Its efforless to run review capturing campaigns.
Its very easy for brands to build out their product profiles and generate review campaigns to boost reviews. In my opinion it is vital for software products to have a presence on the platform in order to effectively competein their product category. I like the recent feature we leveraged - adding our products to a product suite. Our G2 reps are always responsive and helpful when we need support, and its been great that we can leverage G2 badges and testimonials in our own marketing campaigns to demonstrate legitimacy.
Our account managers are committed to helping us achieve our goals. They are responsive and attentive to our ideas, and they are constantly working to find solutions as well as suggest new approaches.   The vendor portal is incredibly intuitive and allows us to access the information we need whenever we are seeking it.
I love how G2 comes to us with ideas and not the other way around. They are always showing how other clients are using their content and what would best help our company succeed. I also love their webinars and other resources they promote as it's usually very applicable to my day to day. They are always very prompt in responding to our questions and concerns which is greatly appreciated! Lastly, their reputation in the review space is top notch -- they are the #1 trust platform in my opinion for prospects to go to when reviewing products like ours.
G2 captures a lot a traffic and generate many views on your product site. The best part is their proactiveness to help you maximize your ROI and their openess to correct situations that aren't working.
G2 is a valuable tool for getting your customers talking about your product on the record about what they like or dislike about your products.  G2 allows your customers to share highlights of their story of using your product in a public way and in their own words which is useful to prospective buyers evaluating your products.   Feature enhancements and integrations are regularly made on G2 Marketing solutions that help Marketers utilize and gain value from the platform. I've also had a consistently positive experience with their Customer Success team through regular check-ins to help ensure that we are achieving value from G2 Marketing Solutions.
I've been working with G2 with my company's upgraded profile accounts for years now and each year is better than the last. Our CSMs have always been extremely responsive. I do not say this lightly when I say, I truly feel like we are the CSMs only clients.  The vendor portal is astronomically easier to use than other review vendors on the market. It's very easy to navigate and it's very easy to identify what needs to be or can be updated on your organization's upgraded product profile listing.   Implementation was smooth and quick, and each year we renew, the team works hard to lay out only our options that are truly the best for our organization.  Integrations are also very simple. We itegrate with Salesforce, Marketo, Demandbase, Influitive, Salesloft, Pendo, Leandata, and Zoominfo, and each connection was very easy to navigate. Our CSMs helped facilitate all of these integretions and connected us with their in-house ops team as well as provided easy-to-follow instructions to make these integrations run smoothly. They were very patient and made sure to test things multiple times and ensure everything worked perfect.   Review generation campaigns are also extremely easy to run with G2 and super simple too. We send them a list, a budget, and..that's it. They take it from there. The results we see from these campaigns is better than any other review vendor we use. We get good quality reviews from these efforts which helps us show up well on quarterly reports and earn tons of badges which we frequently use for marketing purposes.  Buyer intent data management is very simple and affective with the G2 portal. We receive leads directly into our internal database and can easily pull reports and list distrobutions of a particular moment in time if we want too. We run several competitor campaings and alwsy use the various G2 intent signals to really hone our target. You can get as broad or as grainular with the targeting with G2 buyer intent data.  G2 is a tool I use every day so it's something I need to work well all the time. Compared to other review vendors, the portal is always running well and ive experienced little to no system errors.
Great platform for gathering customer feedback and generating product demand
G2 allows Everbridge and xMatters a way to get customer reviews and evidence at scale. We sell our products around the world and having real customer experiences helps us stay true to our mission and reach new business and organizations. We use our reviews frequently and love seeing feedback on improvements from our customers.
G2 Marketing Solutions is such an important part of our customer advocacy program. The guidance and  help from our reps are truly invaluable!
G2 is a great platform to showcase your product and features for potential customers to find and compare you to other similar companies.  We have been using G2 for about a year and have seen a significant increase in traffic to our G2 page, as well as click through to our website. The support we have received from Reagan and Brittany has also been great, they have helped with strategies from building out our profile, to gathering reviews and using those reviews to drive traffic and leads.
The G2 team is very helpful and involved! They provide reccomendations and data when needed.
The customer support team is amazing. Once you learn all the bells and whistles, very effictive marketing tool, especiall the review campaigns that G2 can run on your behalf.
Ability to highlight reviews based on filtered criteria
The ability to launch review campaigns with ease, as well as to create customized landing pages and utilize widgets in our email marketing and website are very helpful in establishing ourselves as a market leader in our category. The G2 platform is intuitive, and the team is always willing to help make sure we are getting the most from our investment. The Chilipiper integration has also been a helpful tool to get new leads into our system quickly.
For me the value G2 adds is having Greg from their team be our consultant. Ultimatelly his ability to understand our product and pitch ideas for campaigns is where the value is for us. Obviously, there is a lot that the platform does to help drive people researching CAD products to our site. But ultimatelly its the consulting service that makes a big difference on why I enjoy using the tool, it's a partnership for success.
Integrations with tools we already use; intent signals against poor reviews for competitors
What I like best are the various ways to promote ones reviews. Reference pages, testimonials, widgets, etc. Getting reviews seen beyond the G2 site as well as on it is what turns the dial.
The simplicity of capturing customer reviews and VOC insisght is highly valuable, as our customers have many competing prioroties in their day. The interface and UX is simple on both ends - for reviewers and account admins. G2 offers robust analytics from review campaign data to buyer intent, and I appreciate the  ability to input custom questions to gather additional decision-making data from our customers.
Good support and suggestions to boost our visibility from our Account Manager. Admin portal is easy to use and shows some useful data.
I like how easy and intuitive is the platform to use. You can list your product and create an in depth profile, collect references and leads. The review generation capabilities are great and G2 provides various channels to do so. The CSM's and account owners are always propmt to respond to anything. The reports generation and badges let you understand the competitive market and tweak your offereings based on it. Highly recommend!
As someone that inherited a G2 profile, the G2 team were excellent in getting me up to speed and offering solutions for a newbie like me. The platform is easy to use, but has all the data and features one might want from a review platform like G2.
A world-class customer support and success management team that will go the extra mile for you right from the start. The management of review campaigns and overall profile content is seamless and self-explanatory.
I really like using G2, specifically for the review generation component. It makes it really easy to send customers incentivized review requests and we have a much higher review response rate vs. other review sites. It's also really easy to implement within our organization and to get additional MQLs from the platform.
I find the G2 intent signals to be the most beneficial solution we currently utilize. They are ease to implement and use within the vendor portal. As a sale tool for prospecting you truly can't beat it!
Since day one our relationship with our G2 team has been nothing short of amazing, responsive, eager to supprt our needs and truly vested in our sucess!  As it realtes to the platform, I appreciate that reviewers can be non annomous - lending us to use this platform as another avenue to recieve our customers feedback with reagrds to our product. It allso allows us to work on additional initative like engaging with our customers based on their reviews. The ability to reuse customer quotes in campaigns, celebrate our wins with quarterly badging, increase our SEO as it aligns to our buyers journey - show how we rank to our competitors all additional value. Customers want to hear from other customers and this platform gives us a sounding board to make that happen.
The best part about G2 is the customer support provided. The G2 team dedicated to our product is not just responsive, but takes a vested interest in our product and GTM strategies; actively assisting us in taking advantage of all G2 marketing abilities. The ease of use is incredibly simple and user friendly.
G2 Marketing Solutions is a unique tool in the ever-evolving field of marketing due to its capacity to adjust to shifting customer preferences, technological advancements, and trends. Its adaptability enables it to continue being relevant and provide useful solutions throughout time.
G2 is an intuitive online review software which is helpful for us in driving reviews and improving our reputation among our competitors.
Our G2 team knows our business well. They understand our objectives and continuously propose solutions to help us achieve them. I appreciate that they're proactive, well-informed, data-driven, smart, and always ready with new approaches if we do hit roadblocks.
We've really enjoyed working with the G2 platform and tooling, and also with the team. Our sales experience was very positive, and our CSM has been incredibly knowledgeable and helpful every step of the way from the initial kickoff call and beyond. We even expanded to include more products 3 quarters before we expected to based on the positive experience we've had and plan to expand more when we renew this year.
I love the platform and the way it helps us gain valuable feedback from our customers around the world. It is very intuitive and easy to use and offers great tools to analyze and get market intelligence. Moreover, their customer support is very helpful and quick to reply and asses any issue we may encounter.
The ability to target in-market audiences with the LinkedIn integration. The audience builder is simple but in-depth, and audiences synchronize automatically to LinkedIn. Integration with LinkedIn Campaign Manager is quick. Audiences also update automatically. We have had success with a bottom of funnel LinkedIn ad targeting in-market companies based on G2 audiences, layered w/ appropriate job title/seniority/etc. targeting.
I love that G2 gives you the options of employee count, buying state, and minimum activity level when you are creating your audiences.
The ease of use and support. G2 is an essential piece in our overall marketing plan and we are in the dashboard at least once/day responding to reviews, finding content to share, measuring our placement on the grid, analyzing performance and more. The user resources are extremely helpful, but what we like best is that you don't have to go to the resources very often. The UI is very user friendly, so you don't have to go hunting for help.
Having a single, intuitive platform to garner third party reviews at scale for users / third party validation and for collecting valuable product feedback. Great account support too!
What makes G2 great is it credibility and authority.
They usually have very good quality leads using their site for research on software. We usually receive leads that convert into demos and move further in our pipeline than other platform leads.
G2 marketing provides a great platform to get your technology in front of potential users, especially if you sell within a crowded market. In addition, their customer success team does a great job advising customers where they can get their best return on investment, and frequently shares resources to help you get noticed on G2.
What I like a lot about G2's Marketing Solutions. The one's I mostly use pertain to reputation and reference management. I love how I can create unique links for our partners, and customers to leave reviews and add on a gift card for reviewing. I also like that I can utilize unique links to track review campaigns within cross organizational teams. I like how we can see how we are rated in our industry, see who raised their hands to be references and more! Customer support is also amazing in helping out!
The ability to easily run review generation campaigns, build landing pages, and integrate with other tech stack makes G2's Marketing Solutions the best. The customer success team is always there to help tackle any questions we have and to help us optimize our vendor page. Very easy to implement and get started!
I love G2 Marketing Solutions' innovative marketing strategies, commitment to delivering results, and customer-focused approach. I appreciate the creativity and ability to drive business growth of the G2 team.
The product intent data and content subscriptions are the 2 most valuable features of G2 Marketing Solutions as a customer marketer. Additionally, initial implementation was fairly quick and easy, and the many integrations with other marketing tools have also been key to the success of my customer marketing programs.
I love how involded our CSM is! She is helpful and comes to our meetings very prepared with ideas and suggestions. Our Account Manager is also involded when needed. G2 integrates well with Influititve and is easy to use on the backend. We haven't had any big issues.
G2 Is a highly reputable website and allows our customers to review us honestly. The portal is really easy to use and I have particuarly found the new AI reply feature really helpful, especially when we're so busy. Running campaigns is really simple, we supply a list and G2 looks after everything. I think the best thing about G2 though is the support from our Account Manager; whether it's assisting with campaigns, helping us produce video reviews or the constant feedback about where we are and how we can improve.
G2 Marketing Solutions is easy to use and implement, but pairing G2 with the support from our Customer Success and Account team has been the ultimate package. We had a presence on G2 before launching our program but the support from G2 has taken it to the next level.  We're laucnhing campaigns, integrating our intent data with our systems, and implementing closed loop processes into our reviews. G2's team has helped with collateral, best practices, and our implementation strategy.
G2 is an awesome, user-friendly platform. Mike Sabin and Jeremy Lee have been an amazing support. It is also very interactive for admins and customers. I have been able to implement and integrate programs and tools to keep track of leads and monitor progress. I would highly recommend G2 to friends and colleagues.
It's great to have the live widgets to keep track of where our products are sitting on the grid, and the badges that go with these. The G2 interface is really user friendly, and it's quick and easy to pull reports and marketing material to use in marketing material. We have a great relationship with our Account Manager and Customer Success Manager which makes the whole process a lot more streamlined
G2 provides vital ease of use information to better understand our customer's product usage, lifecycle experience and likes / dislikes, as well as understanding how we (the vendor) fit into the market ecosystem. Other key data elements include better understanding: Who are the competitiors and their strenghts and weaknesses? Who is looking for a new solution - company, location?  They are excellent at capturing the practioner's voice.  Their customer support is extremely strong and responsive.
The vendor portal is extremely user-friendly and there are always helpful updates being made to improve user experience. I love the ability for reviewers to opt-in as references, this adds a lot of business value to our investment. All our CSMs have also been top-notch quality, so incredibly attentive, friendly, and proactive. It's also great that we can add in our own customer review questions! The webhooks is also an incredible feature that comes with our paid product profiles. The leads generated from these webhooks really helps to outrightly prove the value of our investment to leadership.
Using G2 for reputation management and review sentiment has been the best part. Our relationship with Kevin has made the journey even better. The ease of use definetly ups our game, we don't have to take days to understand the platform.
G2 Marketing Solutions offers a user-friendly platform that effortlessly boosts your business's visibility. With intuitive tools and effective strategies, they make it easy for businesses to stand out in the market and attract attention from potential customers.
Tools offered seem quite comprehensive, adding to the flavor you can express towards customers, depending on the vertical they are on.
G2 provides valuable data and analytics with a user-friendly interface which I believe is very important nowadays when you have so many options to make decisions. It is definitely easy to integrate with clear guidance on implementation makes it valuable asset.
G2 Marketing Solutions is a platform that helps software vendors like Deltek reach more buyers, build trust, and grow their business.
It is a great platform for showcasing your product. It allows you to utilize reviews as marketing materials. It also provides you with the opportunity to learn what your customers think about your product.
We focus on generating reviews with G2 and it's a great added benefit to sync their marketing tools with our own marketing stack. We're able to identify the audiences that are most interested in our products - what industries / roles / geographies are searching for our company and products with G2.
I use the platform on a daily basis and I want to say that it is very easy to use and you can find all the important/necessary information in one place. G2 Marketing Solutions offers full funnel information that is easy to understand: you have info about reviews generated and you can then see how all this user generated content helps your product be positionned in G2 reports. User generated content can be easily integrated in marketing efforts and help you progress deals.   G2 team is very responsive, I would say this team is the best I have worked with so far.
I like how easy it has been to implement G2 Marketing Solutions. They have built a strong partner ecosystem. Once integrated with our platforms we are able to take quick action on the data and insights. We utiilzie the data on the marketing and sales side.
The most helpful about G2 Marketing Solution is the real people and real reviews.
G2 Marketing Solutions is an essential tool for Procurement Organization when we meet with Operation teams to strategize about upcoming renewals/potential new software/hardware we plan to acquire.  G2 gives an accurate competitive picture of potential solutions, and is a great first step to determine alternative solutions that our Operations team should explore.  We found that information on competitors is very accurate.  As a procurement leader of 10+, I have successfully used G2 as a one-stop shop to determine vendors that could best solve a particular software or hardware challenge.
Everyone I speak to, thinking to Blake, Stephanie, Dominick, Jarrid and most recently Tabassum, are careful and accurate in all their interactions with our company. 10 out of 10.
We could convert a few clients from g2 listing
