White glove treatment as we onboarded with the new product. They provided a ton of best practice documentation and case studies to help us get up to speed.
We really enjoy the G2 Crowd Grid that displays ClockShark alongside other similar time tracking software. Not only is it easy to see how our position changes as we collect more reviews, but this Grid can be embedded in marketing pages to provide leads with a real-time grid view.   We also really love working with the team at G2 Crowd. Danny took extreme care to understand our company needs and expectations, and even sent us a signed "thank-you" note after our first webinar. (Who does this? Uhm...Danny does!) Our implementation specialist Kelly slowly and meticulously explained how to get our listing set-up. She transformed a super daunting job into very easy subtasks, and weekly met with us to review our progress. It was like eating an elephant, one bite at a time...but with less mandible engagement. Ashley, our main point of contact at G2 Crowd, has overseen our entire G2 Crowd journey, and is quick to resolve any concerns we have. Like, greased lightning fast!
Appreciated our representatives' thorough and speedy answers to our questions. The walk-throughs were always pleasant and informative. Big shout-out to our implementation specialist Peter who held our hands through the whole process. We've been pleasantly surprised by the depth of both the platform and the enablement flow. Everyone on the G2 side has also been refreshingly transparent about their capabilities and their roadmap.
In the last 12 months, our Salesforce CPQ Grid position has been my go-to slide for demonstrating our customer’s success with prospects. It’s one thing to deliver the company talk track around ease of use, speed, and functionality -- it’s another to reinforce the story with authentic G2 reviews that are collected from users just like them.   As a best practice, I strongly recommend leveraging G2 reviews to authenticate your sales conversations. The market we work in can get extremely competitive and it’s important to cut through the noise, quickly. I do this by sending prospects to a reputable source of truth on how users are getting value from what we provide.   
The team tailored onboarding to my particular needs - it never felt too slow or too rushed. Now that our product is up and running, I feel confident our G2 reviews are helping us to win in our category. 
It is a great tool for 1. It is the best 3rd party validation platform for software companies 2. Badge system which can easily be implemented on the website 3. Verified Customer reviews 4. Huge user base and most of our customers are familiar with it 5. Great support team 6. Dedicated chatbot category which most vendors seem to lag 7. benchmarking against competitors (it shows how we compete and how we are better than our competitors) 
The onboarding team was great. We wanted to move fast and they were able to match our speed. They came up with training for our specific teams that were key to getting everyone up and running quickly. The key to being successful is to follow the plan initially.
The G2 platform is night and day compared to our rough experience with Gartner Peer Insights (i.e. unexplained review rejections, lack of transparency, slow response, etc.). Even as a freemium customer (no paid subscription, our experience with the G2 team has been fantastic. They got our profile up and running within days and helped us bring in new reviews with a dedicated landing page to get us started. Now we have a go-to source for market validation.
We've been on the Power Plan for nearly 8 months, slow to adopt all of the paid features available to us. Those we've leveraged: Upgraded Profile, Testimonial Widget, Customer Reference Page, and Real-Time Leads. We're soon to embrace the Marketo lead webhooks and buyer intent integration. What do I like best? Admin Portal ease-of-use. Platform is super intuitive. Intent data, marketing content and other analytics are easily accessible via MyG2 menu, no need to hunt. Customer reference pages are easy to build, too. Support from Customer Success is great.
G2 dashboards make it very easy for me to track the performance of all our products on G2, as well as manage review campaigns. I have all the data I need to design our review strategy for the upcoming months or to share our progress with the company at the tips of my fingers. The best part is, of course, quarterly G2 award badges. Being able to win awards by market segment, region, and theme (like "Best Results" or "Easy to Use") helps us highlight our value propositions for different audiences.
- The CS team is very supportive, approachable, and very proactive - Overall good analytics to compare your performance with other competitors
The reporting of our review performance against our competitors helps us to get a better understanding of our market positioning. The feedback we receive from customers helps us to improve our product roadmap, so we can better serve our client base and develop our software. Our Account Manager, Siobhan, is so responsive and helpful! She is also a joy to meet with and always brings energy and new ideas to our monthly check-ins.
As a B2B SaaS marketing veteran, I know how crucial it is to provide prospects with social proof. So I knew I had to get my G2 game up to speed when I started heading the marketing. I'm happy to say G2's team helped me set up my page very quickly and helped me get an initial number of reviews to put my startup on the map. We even won 9 G2 badges just about 3 months after starting.
I really like G2's customer service. All G2 managers I ever worked with were very supportive and fully invested in improving the performance of our advertising package.
As someone that inherited a G2 profile, the G2 team were excellent in getting me up to speed and offering solutions for a newbie like me. The platform is easy to use, but has all the data and features one might want from a review platform like G2.
The ease of use and support. G2 is an essential piece in our overall marketing plan and we are in the dashboard at least once/day responding to reviews, finding content to share, measuring our placement on the grid, analyzing performance and more. The user resources are extremely helpful, but what we like best is that you don't have to go to the resources very often. The UI is very user friendly, so you don't have to go hunting for help.
