I had to contact customer support about a problem with a gift card. Eric quickly resolved the problem.  Then I asked him to change the email sent to reviewers to prevent the problem in the future. He then forwarded the issue to the product support team to improve G2 so that others can have a better experience.
Kelly did a great job acting on our behalf. When we bumped into an issue between a G2 process and a detail of our product, she helped find a quick resolution and kept things on track. Communication was clear, timely and consistent.
I love G2's model overall. It's based on your company's actual product as opposed to a bidding system (which can be misleading to customers). The software is also really easy to use, so it was a smooth onboarding process and it's been really easy to add new team members with minimal training. The sales and onboarding team were also super helpful in working with us through the process. When we were onboarding, Ali provided detailed follow-ups for us with action items and next steps. I had to contact support once and it was really easy and the rep, Leah, really went above and beyond contacting technical support to resolve my issue.
From the moment we reached out to G2, we received outstanding service. Our customer success manager is always there to help and answer any questions we might have with a personal touch. She cares about us and goes out of her way to ensure we use the platform to its maximum potential, pointing out features we weren't aware of and solving any issues we might have very quickly.
Out of my many calls with vendors, software tools, etc., I always know my check-in calls with G2 will be worthwhile. I feel like we're able to address specific issues and objectives as well as plan for more strategic projects.
The reviews are helpful feedback on the perceived strengths and weaknesses of our product. Any issues can be fed back to the product team.
A great Customer Success Manager, consistently rapid in replying to my issues or questions, which is really helpful.
They have excellent Relationships and Success Managers. They are super responsive and persistent in solving your issues. You can feel personalized attention from them.
G2, with its extensive customer base and status as the review site attracting the most traffic, is well-equipped to address your specific needs and challenges. It simplifies the process of identifying your requirements and discovering how others are tackling issues similar to yours. Additionally, G2's grid report and award system provide us with current insights into the competitive landscape, encouraging us to continually explore new methods to engage our customer base."
I've been working with G2 with my company's upgraded profile accounts for years now and each year is better than the last. Our CSMs have always been extremely responsive. I do not say this lightly when I say, I truly feel like we are the CSMs only clients.  The vendor portal is astronomically easier to use than other review vendors on the market. It's very easy to navigate and it's very easy to identify what needs to be or can be updated on your organization's upgraded product profile listing.   Implementation was smooth and quick, and each year we renew, the team works hard to lay out only our options that are truly the best for our organization.  Integrations are also very simple. We itegrate with Salesforce, Marketo, Demandbase, Influitive, Salesloft, Pendo, Leandata, and Zoominfo, and each connection was very easy to navigate. Our CSMs helped facilitate all of these integretions and connected us with their in-house ops team as well as provided easy-to-follow instructions to make these integrations run smoothly. They were very patient and made sure to test things multiple times and ensure everything worked perfect.   Review generation campaigns are also extremely easy to run with G2 and super simple too. We send them a list, a budget, and..that's it. They take it from there. The results we see from these campaigns is better than any other review vendor we use. We get good quality reviews from these efforts which helps us show up well on quarterly reports and earn tons of badges which we frequently use for marketing purposes.  Buyer intent data management is very simple and affective with the G2 portal. We receive leads directly into our internal database and can easily pull reports and list distrobutions of a particular moment in time if we want too. We run several competitor campaings and alwsy use the various G2 intent signals to really hone our target. You can get as broad or as grainular with the targeting with G2 buyer intent data.  G2 is a tool I use every day so it's something I need to work well all the time. Compared to other review vendors, the portal is always running well and ive experienced little to no system errors.
I love the platform and the way it helps us gain valuable feedback from our customers around the world. It is very intuitive and easy to use and offers great tools to analyze and get market intelligence. Moreover, their customer support is very helpful and quick to reply and asses any issue we may encounter.
I love how involded our CSM is! She is helpful and comes to our meetings very prepared with ideas and suggestions. Our Account Manager is also involded when needed. G2 integrates well with Influititve and is easy to use on the backend. We haven't had any big issues.
