Advocately helps us to automate the process of reaching out to get reviews from customers that love our product. Another feature I like is the ability to explore which users are our net promoters. This is much potential to continuously refine our market segments using this tool.
Kara DeWalt has been a friendly and responsive rep . She's quick to make suggestions and help out with our different marketing options.  Kara has been awesome!  The reviews written on G2 Crowd are comprehensive and very useful for consumers.   They're growing their marketing tools, and we're trying a few of them out.   I like the backend options for building out our profile to best educate our prospects on the value of our service. You can upload videos, FAQs, and key details about the software.  Their reporting features are relevant and accurate as well.  Love their award badges as a great form of social proof.
Everything on the site is streamlined and intuitive for both the user and the vendor. They offer lots of features to utilize as a vendor, and they have a lot of things that help you promote your page.
The reviews feature has helped us out in gaining credibility and increasing brand awareness.
G2 Crowd gets great traffic, even in my company's lesser known product category. By pushing the pageviews to Slack via Zapier the entire sales and marketing team can easily get a sense of how many people are landing on our page every day. It's between 10-15. G2C isn't a huge source of demo requests, but the awareness from this website is good.  CSMs are very responsive (thanks Mark!)
G2Crows is the best unfiltered and comprehensive platform to learn about strengths and weaknesses of various b2b tech in the market both established and contending.  The comparisons are also great because they turn unstructured written reviews into actionable and measurable data across a range of metrics.  This means a decision maker can choose to focus on overall ratings, specific features, or the various rich and qualitative reviews.  What's more, all of this is based on validated profiles, so no fake reviews. 
G2 Crowd is a great platform to help promote customer advocacy and gather reviews from users. As a profile admin, its easy to update our page, add features, and invite our customers to submit their reviews.
I love how the reviews are filtered and how well customers are featured. The ability to do direct compares against competitors is also a plus to see exactly where we are. 
My favorite feature is the comparison grid that allows prospects to see how we stack up against our competitors and the focused profile that we can send to prospects.
G2's marketing solution is a great tool to ensure your company provides potential customers with the kind of useful information that guides them to a well-educated decision.  From the start, G2 provides excellent support in getting you ramped up and helping you to understand all the features, benefits and how to operate all the tools to make sure you're taking full advantage of everything at your disposal.   Back-end management is easy and intuitive and the dedicated support folks are responsive, friendly and helpful. 
G2 Crowd is definitely top of class and leader when offering features for a directory site. G2 Crowd is a well-known name in the directory market. They offer several features that no other directory site has.
Both Ryan and Kristina were a pleasure to work with - patient and thorough with explanations, and with call follow-up emails. The thing that makes G2 Crowd stand out is its vendor portal. Other sites don't really have anything close to the feature depth that G2 Crowd has.
G2Crowd is a crucial part of our overall brand awareness in the industry and upwards growth. It's great to have critical feedback from users to share with our team as well as positive reviews to continue to solidify our mission and morale.  We have also integrated a G2 Slack channel (through Zapier) which helps us see real-time tracked prospects. This allows us to communicate this action to sales which may help move the prospect through the pipeline. Our leads through G2 have picked up the more active we are with the site.  The G2Crowd banner is also in the footer of our website, and this helps with additional validity for prospects considering a TMS in the space.  Our CSM Jess has genuinely been an extension of our company and helps us strategize and sets us up for success with our account.
They knew which features were most important to us and focused time on those   
We have found the "Track Your Prospects" and "Buyer Intent" features to be particularly useful for our outbound sales efforts.  Also G2 Crowd handling the gift card fulfillment in an automated way, has made our life a lot easier.  Our implementation manager, Bliss was also very easy to work with and very responsive! 
Everything from the sales process, to the on-boading and on-going customer support at G2 Crowd is on point! Kudos to Kristina for always going above and beyond in working with us. We are learning everyday on how to use G2 Crowd features to better improve our funnel and conversion. 
Firstly the team (of those I have been introduced to), have been super pleasant and helpful - and have make the onboarding process nice and easy, as well as getting us started ASAP with the reviews campaigns, as well as catering to the time difference! The tool is very cool, with some of my favorites features for marketing being the reviews widgets, and the analytics of our profile. From a sales perspective, the buyer intent features are extremely useful for our outbound sales strategy! 
Love how turn-key things have been thus far, as well as the attitude of the G2 crowd team (shoutout Mike, Pete, and Walter). These guys are on top of it. We just finished up our first review campaign and more than doubled our number of reviews (80+ new reviews), which we can now use to inform new product features and make improvements all around going into the new year. Best part—it was wildly simple to set up and launch.
The onboarding was fantastic! No feature left unexplained, and nothing too skimmed over - everything had a time, sequence and clear and understandable process.
We like that our customers can provide reviews in either an anonymous or identified way, and that as a visitor to the page, I can sort reviews based on star rating, industry, etc.  We love the real-time comparison grid and other ratings.  We also like that you can link to a specific review.  Other sites like Capterra, do not have this feature. 
The implementation specialist made sure the on-boarding process was thorough, yet simple, and has overall been incredibly helpful and responsive. The platform surprised me with some tools I wasn't aware of, like reference pages and crowd quotes. Verified customer review and incentivized review campaigns are features worth mentioning as well.
The personal touch from account reps and teams was amazing from day one. They were super helpful and proactively walked me through the process of getting started and figuring out my questions. The website is by far one of the best websites I've used for admin and features. Love the website and it's the poster-child for usability, tooltips and being well organized. 
The onboarding process has been thorough and well executed. I liked how they break it up over several calls, giving you time to implement what we went over in between calls and also avoiding a firehose of information and features to try to remember all in one onboarding call.
G2 assists in sharing information about our product.  It's great that valid users are the ones reviewing the product so that others can benefit from what it has to offer.  Working with the staff at G2 has been nothing less than stellar.  Everyone is readily available to answer questions and they always help you get the most out of their services.  If they see you aren't utilizing a feature you are paying for, they take time to show you how it works and why it's good for your business.
A lot of functionality and features that can help automate processes for you. This platform makes it easy to connect - and communicate - with potential customers. It's also really helpful to see their rather detailed feedback and insights when leaving a review.
Attention detail to our business and guidance on how we can be successful in utilizing G2's functionality. The team assigned to us was fantastic - personable and professional. G2 is a very sophisticated review platform with a lot of automation and features to learn which could potentially be overwhelming in the beginning -- but their team was very responsive and thorough in their explanations  - alleviating concerns quickly and helping us to get fully onboarded in less than a month.
The best thing about G2 is how the plan and onboarding are tailored to our business case. This has meant that the implementation and customer success team from G2 has been able to help us towards reaching our goals instead of "just" showing us the platform. Also, we've gotten specific examples and cases of how to best use the G2 features for us, and together we've already set goals for what we want to achieve together. We've been using G2 for a few years now, and we've seen great results in review generation and, more importantly, lead generation and sales.  The Buyer Intent data available to us has really helped us out in many different ways, and we now use the data in marketing, sales, and customer success.
The G2 platform is night and day compared to our rough experience with Gartner Peer Insights (i.e. unexplained review rejections, lack of transparency, slow response, etc.). Even as a freemium customer (no paid subscription, our experience with the G2 team has been fantastic. They got our profile up and running within days and helped us bring in new reviews with a dedicated landing page to get us started. Now we have a go-to source for market validation.
G2 has allowed our sellers to leverage multiple angles when selling against competitors (i.e. review quantity, review quality, feature comparisons, etc.). And on top of that, the assets that they provide our team with are designed according to our brand guidelines... lightening the load for our creative team.  I'd also be remiss if I didn't mention our fantastic account team. Jeremy Levin has been an incredible resource for us as we've grown into new categories and analyzed competitors. In addition to simply answering questions, he comes to the table with suggestions as new products, features, or grids roll out to help us get the most bang for our buck.
We've been on the Power Plan for nearly 8 months, slow to adopt all of the paid features available to us. Those we've leveraged: Upgraded Profile, Testimonial Widget, Customer Reference Page, and Real-Time Leads. We're soon to embrace the Marketo lead webhooks and buyer intent integration. What do I like best? Admin Portal ease-of-use. Platform is super intuitive. Intent data, marketing content and other analytics are easily accessible via MyG2 menu, no need to hunt. Customer reference pages are easy to build, too. Support from Customer Success is great.
Our G2 team has been a strategic partner for us in managing our brand reputation across key G2 categories, maximizing our profile and driving traffic to our website. Our CSM Jeremy Levin is a rockstar, and has been proactive in providing recommendations for how to drive more reviews to our profile. He is very service-oriented and always quick to respond whenever I have a question. We also have a Slack channel with our G2 account team set up so communication is always quick and transparent.
G2 Crowd gives us the content we need to fuel our demand generation and social proof efforts. Customers and prospects are hungry for real information, not the same features and benefits every vendor claims.  With the content subscription we are able to offer prospective  buyers  helpful insights based on reviews from peers to help inform their purchase.  The Customer Success team is also great to work with and always  offer great advice and use cases from other company experiences that accelerate our goals.
I'm working with 7 peer platforms, but G2 is by far the most comprehensive one, from the UX to the features offered in order to serve our company goals.  They provide a lot of great features for business growth.
Intent data and competitive insights are helpful features
We have a great support team that helps us unlock the full potential of leveraging every tool/feature that G2 has to offer. With G2, we're able to create marketing assets that helps substantiate our place in the market against our competition backed by realtime customer feedback.  The competitor comparison reports, additional content opportunities and video reviews have all made my job so much easier and fun. The dashboard is very user friendly and easy to use and navigate around to find what I'm looking for. I'm currently in my second role/company leveraging G2, and I couldn't imagine being a marketing professional without it.
Understanding and knowing when a company is exploring my companies reviews and/or my competitor's reviews. Having this in real-time or close to real-time can really increase my response rate. For example, I see they are looking at comparing vendors to one of my competitors. That tells me they are already in talks with that competitor and looking to see who else they should consider - enter me!  There are major upsides to using G2 not just for competitive comparisons but also to reflect on what your customer like and/or dislike. This can be great feedback for customer success teams and product teams! It also helps me understand what I need to do a better job of explaining specific features/use cases.   I also love that I can get insights/alert via slack! I'm sure they have several integrations that would work for any b2b company.
Understanding and knowing when a company is exploring my companies reviews and/or my competitor's reviews. Having this in real-time or close to real-time can really increase my response rate. For example, I see they are looking at comparing vendors to one of my competitors. That tells me they are already in talks with that competitor and looking to see who else they should consider - enter me!  There are major upsides to using G2 not just for competitive comparisons but also to reflect on what your customer like and/or dislike. This can be great feedback for customer success teams and product teams! It also helps me understand what I need to do a better job of explaining specific features/use cases.   I also love that I can get insights/alert via slack! I'm sure they have several integrations that would work for any b2b company.
I haven't gotten a chance yet to explore all of G2's features, (there's a lot), but since I've started working with G2 about one year ago, it has been nothing but rewarding. When I've provided feedback, G2 has listened to it and accomodated it. They're trusted in our Industry and therefore, we've been able to benefit from G2's services as a marketing team. They seem to gather great, honest reviews and I'm happy so far.
For the prospect, G2 provides so many different datapoints for research. You are able to look at everything from rankings to ratings to feature ratings to market presence. For the vendor, there are sales enablement tools, lead generation options and we are able to drive traffic to our sites.
- Ability to see and improve our position within the market - Comparison feature  - Support from  Account Managers
I am fortunate to work with such a fantastic team. The features we were offered are excellent and new innovations are always coming out. I strongly believe that this is due to the hard-working team at G2, of which I can single out the amazing Abhilash Chowdhury and Matthieu Le Sayec.
From the moment we reached out to G2, we received outstanding service. Our customer success manager is always there to help and answer any questions we might have with a personal touch. She cares about us and goes out of her way to ensure we use the platform to its maximum potential, pointing out features we weren't aware of and solving any issues we might have very quickly.
It's amazing how many useful features the G2 platform has. Most of them you can easily use in a few clicks. Well-thought-through and organized information and step-by-step manuals make it easy to navigate the platform by yourself. And tones of case studies and examples shared by the team in comprehensive guides make it easier to navigate through the variety of ways you can use G2.  But the most important is the G2 team working with you. They are professionals that help you to get the maximum from your experience. In some way, it feels like you reinforced your own team with new members who generate ideas of what else could be done to improve your marketing results and even do part of your job (like outreach and so on). Fantastic!
G2 is now a very well-known platform - especially for SaaS software: it helps us to feature our product in software categories and gives us visibility against competitors. Our CSMs are also very friendly and always eager to help!  Something that I like best on G2: they help us drive quarterly review campaigns, which help us to increase in ranking. Their badge and grid also get nowadays a lot of recognition from prospects.
G2 offers a dedicated team of account managers and a variety of useful features.
We are fascinated by the Buyer Intent feature as it helps a lot our Marketing and Sales teams. It gives a lot of insights that help market to the right prospect at the right time and close deals faster.
All the help from the G2 team during our onboarding process. They have shared insights on how to best use the G2 features to maximize the value from the solution, and also shared tips on how to encourage our customers to leave reviews.
G2 Marketing solutions are very professional. They provide excellent account management, various profile features and last, but not least, they provide quality traffic & leads to your SaaS solutions.
The G2 platform lets us collect honest reviews and display our product features in one place. It has proved to be very powerful for our sales team.
G2 allows us to collect customer feedback, better understand the market, and develop our product based on it. We also use the buyer intent features to support our outbound sales efforts. The CSM team has been extremely helpful and responsive in supporting us with review campaigns, onboarding, and any of our questions. They regularly go above and beyond to get our questions answered quickly.
The best thing about G2 is the trust they have built with their own audience. When leads discover our service on G2, we can tell there is more going on than mere product/feature comparison. Unlike similar services, G2 is clearly regarded as a trusted advisor and an authority when it comes to researching software.
The platform is intuitive & features are powerful. The ability to collect authentic customer reviews resulting in the quarterly reports and badges further reinforces our credibility and product offering Our customer support team is fantastic.
G2 is not only a great tool to vet tools for your business, but having your tool listed in G2 is fantastic in so many ways. On the one hand, it's a great bottom-funnel lead generator, and on the other hand, you can use it internally as well.  You can see how your tool stacks up against your competitors according to users, you can analyze what your users find the most beneficial in their own words, and you can also use it to research what features are missing or need improvement. Great for marketing and product.
Handy analytics and features to wrap up your most relevant reviews in collections that are relevant for specific types of personas.
Extremely helpful and responsive. Open to communicating in our preferred software e.g. Slack which makes communication fast and effective. Always gave me the best advice and explained every little detail
Onboarding was super smooth, and we've made a good start with reviews on the platform. The grids are helpful to see how we compare to competitors, and we enjoy using the badges too. It's an excellent way for us to build brand awareness and credibility.   Mark and Henry are great! At every catch-up meeting, they come with new ideas and examples of how we can gather more reviews and use all of the features.
The review generation campaigns have been great for boosting our rankings in relevant categories. We weren't on any grids just over a year ago, and now we're featured in 6.  The team are great and super helpful to work with as well.
G2 intent is one of the things that I like in G2. We will have the visibility of companies researching about us and competitors is the one of the best features.
Best to use this product in this market because no other company like G2 had these many products and features to get addressed hear along with practical documentation
1. Intent data from G2 is an essential part of our outbound strategy. Also the rich context (product and place visited, history, buying stage, etc.) and additional information provided (relevant people to reach out, Bombora intent topics, etc.) help us finetune our outbound strategy and make it more actionable   2. Real-time Slack alerts are helpful (profile and pricing page visits)—helps us quickly action on them  3. Excellent customer experience right from onboarding to customer success. The CSM is always quick to respond even during this holiday season. He truly tries to solve problems and meet requirements—be it soliciting more reviews from our customers or maximizing our use of the platform. Also, his emails with new feature releases are very helpful and actionable
1. Intent data from G2 is an essential part of our outbound strategy. Also the rich context (product and place visited, history, buying stage, etc.) and additional information provided (relevant people to reach out, Bombora intent topics, etc.) help us finetune our outbound strategy and make it more actionable   2. Real-time Slack alerts are helpful (profile and pricing page visits)—helps us quickly action on them  3. Excellent customer experience right from onboarding to customer success. The CSM is always quick to respond even during this holiday season. He truly tries to solve problems and meet requirements—be it soliciting more reviews from our customers or maximizing our use of the platform. Also, his emails with new feature releases are very helpful and actionable
G2's marketing tools can adapt to teams of all sizes. They have plenty of features to help scale the customer voice into other teams and systems (e.g. reference pages, quote library, integrations with 6sense). It is simple enough for a team of one to learn quickly, but robust enough for an entire marketing org to find value out of it. More than anything, the direct support I've received from G2 has been huge in my continuing to advocate and find value in the platform. Our Account Manager and Customer Success Manager have become valued professional peers — it really feels like I've built a rapport with them. They are patient and not pushy and bring a consultative approach to our partnership.
The platform is very modern and easy to use. Lots of greaf analytics features.
Its very easy for brands to build out their product profiles and generate review campaigns to boost reviews. In my opinion it is vital for software products to have a presence on the platform in order to effectively competein their product category. I like the recent feature we leveraged - adding our products to a product suite. Our G2 reps are always responsive and helpful when we need support, and its been great that we can leverage G2 badges and testimonials in our own marketing campaigns to demonstrate legitimacy.
G2 is a great platform to showcase your product and features for potential customers to find and compare you to other similar companies.  We have been using G2 for about a year and have seen a significant increase in traffic to our G2 page, as well as click through to our website. The support we have received from Reagan and Brittany has also been great, they have helped with strategies from building out our profile, to gathering reviews and using those reviews to drive traffic and leads.
As someone that inherited a G2 profile, the G2 team were excellent in getting me up to speed and offering solutions for a newbie like me. The platform is easy to use, but has all the data and features one might want from a review platform like G2.
The product intent data and content subscriptions are the 2 most valuable features of G2 Marketing Solutions as a customer marketer. Additionally, initial implementation was fairly quick and easy, and the many integrations with other marketing tools have also been key to the success of my customer marketing programs.
G2 Is a highly reputable website and allows our customers to review us honestly. The portal is really easy to use and I have particuarly found the new AI reply feature really helpful, especially when we're so busy. Running campaigns is really simple, we supply a list and G2 looks after everything. I think the best thing about G2 though is the support from our Account Manager; whether it's assisting with campaigns, helping us produce video reviews or the constant feedback about where we are and how we can improve.
The vendor portal is extremely user-friendly and there are always helpful updates being made to improve user experience. I love the ability for reviewers to opt-in as references, this adds a lot of business value to our investment. All our CSMs have also been top-notch quality, so incredibly attentive, friendly, and proactive. It's also great that we can add in our own customer review questions! The webhooks is also an incredible feature that comes with our paid product profiles. The leads generated from these webhooks really helps to outrightly prove the value of our investment to leadership.
