This is my second time working with G2 and I'm impressed by recent enhancements to the platform, particularly the buyer intent activity data and the intuitiveness of the backend. Our sales team is really excited to find accounts with potential need for our solution that they wouldn't necessarily have uncovered otherwise.  I also appreciate the G2 team, they are easy to work with, helpful, thorough, and dedicated to making sure we get the most out of our investment.
G2 Crowd provides a very impartial and fully verified technology software review forum. The technology sections are well defined and nicely summarized.  Overall, it's very professional and you can actually count on the review provided since they can't be manipulated by the vendors.   Really like the way that we can embed the review widgets on our own website with links to our optimized landing page.  The environment provides a great user experience for visitors to our website and illustrates how open we are to input from our customers. The style of review presentation is also very easy for visitors to consume. It's similar to consumer based review sites, but with much higher data quality.  We count on the fact that prospects reading our reviews can trust the customer input.
The configuration and on-boarding process for a vendor is very straightforward, intuitive and yet comprehensive. I also like the experience provided by G2Crowd to users researching products. It is fluid and informational. 
Based on SatisMeter NPS, Advocately absolutely geniously helped us double the number of positive reviews in Capterra for just 1 month. We love personal attitude and great service. The system is easy-to-use, we enjoy UX. We look forward to bringing new reviews about Mailigen. Because review websites and reviews are one of the best traffic sources for us. 
I love being able to reach out to Walter with any questions I have. I also love how many reports G2 Crowd offers related to rankings, usability, service, and support!
Everything on the site is streamlined and intuitive for both the user and the vendor. They offer lots of features to utilize as a vendor, and they have a lot of things that help you promote your page.
G2's marketing solution is a great tool to ensure your company provides potential customers with the kind of useful information that guides them to a well-educated decision.  From the start, G2 provides excellent support in getting you ramped up and helping you to understand all the features, benefits and how to operate all the tools to make sure you're taking full advantage of everything at your disposal.   Back-end management is easy and intuitive and the dedicated support folks are responsive, friendly and helpful. 
Great team, great support. The product is very intuitive for doing sales research. We have a team of 3 working on it. One person is responsible for analyzing the leads and searching for contact info, another person is doing the outbound campaigns, and the third person is working with marketing assets. 
G2 Crowd represent the unbiased, firsthand experience of software technology buyers and covers the entire IT and customer life cycle (product evaluation, implementation, ease of use, service, and customer support). It has become an integral part of our customer advocacy and client decision making process, and we have been able to successfully improve our brand positioning through end user experience.
The support that was given to us and the intuitive nature of the product.
G2Crowd has been fast and easy to implement. The system is intuitive and we've gotten great results from review campaigns.
The personal touch from account reps and teams was amazing from day one. They were super helpful and proactively walked me through the process of getting started and figuring out my questions. The website is by far one of the best websites I've used for admin and features. Love the website and it's the poster-child for usability, tooltips and being well organized. 
We've had an excellent experience with G2 Crowd. Their site is intuitive, resources are thorough, and team is helpful and great to work with.
The G2 admin portals are intuitive and easy to use so as an admin, I can find the insights I need without breaking a sweat. That said, the Success and Support teams have been what makes G2 really stand out. There is always a responsive person available to help brainstorm, troubleshoot, or point our program in the right direction. 
Kelly was such a joy to work with. Our on-boarding experience was very seamless and much of it had to do with Kelly's willingness to coach us throughout the process. She stayed on top of things and was always eager and willing to hop on a call. We appreciated her detailed recaps and it was great to see the progress we've made since implementation.   I also like the UI/UX - the platform is also very intuitive and easy to use. 
Kelly was such a joy to work with. Our on-boarding experience was very seamless and much of it had to do with Kelly's willingness to coach us throughout the process. She stayed on top of things and was always eager and willing to hop on a call. We appreciated her detailed recaps and it was great to see the progress we've made since implementation.   I also like the UI/UX - the platform is also very intuitive and easy to use. 
We've been on the Power Plan for nearly 8 months, slow to adopt all of the paid features available to us. Those we've leveraged: Upgraded Profile, Testimonial Widget, Customer Reference Page, and Real-Time Leads. We're soon to embrace the Marketo lead webhooks and buyer intent integration. What do I like best? Admin Portal ease-of-use. Platform is super intuitive. Intent data, marketing content and other analytics are easily accessible via MyG2 menu, no need to hunt. Customer reference pages are easy to build, too. Support from Customer Success is great.
While the platform is super intuitive to use, it's our account management that makes G2 a 10.
The inbound leads that come in are high quality. These are prospects who have us on their short list and are actively researching our solutions further. On the review generation side, the dashboard is very helpful and intuitive. Reports are easy to find and it makes it very easy to manage our product profiles. The G2 team is very supportive and responsive, you feel like you've got additional team members with them.
G2 review service is the best! This platform allows prospects and vendors to learn about your software and service through real user experiences. The CSMs are involved at every step of implementation and execution. they're typically very proactive in providing assistance and ideas for review campaigns.
I'm working with 7 peer platforms, but G2 is by far the most comprehensive one, from the UX to the features offered in order to serve our company goals.  They provide a lot of great features for business growth.
We're still ramping up our use. By far the best piece has been our account team. Both of the primary reps for us have been incredibly responsive and helpful. The interface is also fairly intuitive.
The user interface is really easy and it is very intuitive. The customer service team has been extremely helpful as well.
UX/UI, stats and more importantly their people.
We love the friendly, positive attitude of all the G2 employees we've encountered. The follow-ups and the problem-solving have been above and beyond.  The backend user experience of the platform is easy to navigate and simple to perform updates and changes of content etc.
- It's a very intuitive and easy-to-use tool.  - The team Edan and Matthieu are always very reactive and helpful.  - The signals we get from G2 are very insightful.
The customer success team have helped my company, Kluster.com , to maximise the value from G2 Marketing Solutions. Edan and Clare have been attentive and helped me with everything from the basics of how to navigate the platform to tips on encouraging our customers to leave reviews. The platform itself is intuitive and easy to use and has all of the resources that we need right there.
For me as good as the platform is for helping us showcase our product, it's the wrap-around support and care that really helps G2 to shine. Our account team are super supportive and the monthly call really allows us to get the most out of the platform.   For the platform itself, most things are super simple and intuitive which makes getting to grips with it quick and easy.
I love the intuitive dashboard. Important metrics are at your fingertips, and most of what you need is readily accessible. I also love the team. They are responsive and really take the time to work with you on achieve better results.
G2 team was always helpful. They are responding to all the questions and are really interested in the success of the review gathering. Also platform itself is intuitive.
G2 offers one of the most advanced backends and UX within the market of software review platforms. The platforms gives us tangible insights about our prospects while also providing competitor analysis and feedback for our product teams.
The platform is intuitive & features are powerful. The ability to collect authentic customer reviews resulting in the quarterly reports and badges further reinforces our credibility and product offering Our customer support team is fantastic.
Excellent customer service - Siobhan and Jade are super helpful and react quickly whenever we need help! We can always count on them for support! The platform itself is intuitive and gives control to the team so that we can change a lot of things on our own.
G2 Intent is an invaluable asset for our team, providing exceptional capabilities in identifying and understanding purchase intent. The insights it provides have been crucial in shaping our strategic decisions and tailoring our approach to potential clients.  The user interface is intuitive, making it easy to navigate and extract valuable data. Real-time alerts keep us informed of potential opportunities, allowing us to engage with prospects at the right moment.  What truly sets G2 Intent apart is the outstanding support from the G2 team. Tai and Edan, from the support team, have been instrumental in providing timely assistance and showing genuine interest in our company's success.  G2 Intent's integrations with tools like Zoominfo and Salesloft have streamlined our workflow, creating a seamless experience for lead generation and marketing programs.  If you're looking for a tool that goes beyond traditional lead generation and provides deep insights into buyer behavior, G2 Intent is the game-changer you need to enhance your sales and marketing strategies.
Our account managers are committed to helping us achieve our goals. They are responsive and attentive to our ideas, and they are constantly working to find solutions as well as suggest new approaches.   The vendor portal is incredibly intuitive and allows us to access the information we need whenever we are seeking it.
The ability to launch review campaigns with ease, as well as to create customized landing pages and utilize widgets in our email marketing and website are very helpful in establishing ourselves as a market leader in our category. The G2 platform is intuitive, and the team is always willing to help make sure we are getting the most from our investment. The Chilipiper integration has also been a helpful tool to get new leads into our system quickly.
The simplicity of capturing customer reviews and VOC insisght is highly valuable, as our customers have many competing prioroties in their day. The interface and UX is simple on both ends - for reviewers and account admins. G2 offers robust analytics from review campaign data to buyer intent, and I appreciate the  ability to input custom questions to gather additional decision-making data from our customers.
I like how easy and intuitive is the platform to use. You can list your product and create an in depth profile, collect references and leads. The review generation capabilities are great and G2 provides various channels to do so. The CSM's and account owners are always propmt to respond to anything. The reports generation and badges let you understand the competitive market and tweak your offereings based on it. Highly recommend!
G2 is an intuitive online review software which is helpful for us in driving reviews and improving our reputation among our competitors.
I love the platform and the way it helps us gain valuable feedback from our customers around the world. It is very intuitive and easy to use and offers great tools to analyze and get market intelligence. Moreover, their customer support is very helpful and quick to reply and asses any issue we may encounter.
Having a single, intuitive platform to garner third party reviews at scale for users / third party validation and for collecting valuable product feedback. Great account support too!
The vendor portal is extremely user-friendly and there are always helpful updates being made to improve user experience. I love the ability for reviewers to opt-in as references, this adds a lot of business value to our investment. All our CSMs have also been top-notch quality, so incredibly attentive, friendly, and proactive. It's also great that we can add in our own customer review questions! The webhooks is also an incredible feature that comes with our paid product profiles. The leads generated from these webhooks really helps to outrightly prove the value of our investment to leadership.
G2 Marketing Solutions offers a user-friendly platform that effortlessly boosts your business's visibility. With intuitive tools and effective strategies, they make it easy for businesses to stand out in the market and attract attention from potential customers.
