Our initial performance goals were around lead generation and brand visibility on the leader grids. Quite frankly, we weren't seeing any leads or any placement on the grid until we were able to obtain a lot of positive customer reviews, unfortunately 11 months into the annual contract. Now we have started to see some regular activity and great progress on the effectiveness.  The intent program is very expensive and it will be difficult to justify our ROI given our relatively low cost of acquisition needed for our ROI.  
the interfaces is a little "homebrew" - getting to admin center is a little clunky. Price performance is still a bit of a question particularly in the long-term.
G2 moves really fast and sometimes doesn't tell all the Account Managers what new products are being launched. Sometimes, I wished they slowed down a little bit. There is such a thing as too much data. Also, they are very, very expensive for vendors. 
It's super difficult to get in touch with them to actually spend money with. Then when you finally do get in touch with them, they are so slow at updating the product profiles that you may as well do it yourself. We worked with them to update our profile and they told us that if we sent updates on all the listings in a single batch, they would do on the backend. That was on May 17th. Now it's June 10th and they have done precisely nothing. By comparison, TrustRadius updated within two weeks. IT Central haven't stopped emailing us weekly to work out how they can help further. Capterra gave us access within days. G2 is asleep at the wheel, their sales team barely responsive. The sales experience is frankly appalling and substandard.
The speed of new updates / features can improve. We'd like to see more insights on Intent signals.
Although there is access to many metrics, it would be great to have a better overview of performance in ALL categories rather than having to view the data for one category at a time. It would also be great to have some comparative reporting and a build-your-own report feature.
There's not much I dislike about G2, the platform works great. It would be great to have a more complete overview on what are the missing pieces that could be affecting product performance - for example showing that our online presence was not strong enough this quarter, etc.
The support team can be slow to respond, and sometimes we have received no response. Our relationship managers are the best way to get something addressed or actioned. Our category does not currently meet the criteria to be included in reports, and it feels like we are missing out on some of the benefits because of this.
Nothing much but only the portal dashboards were little slow in loading becaus of the other pages would recommend G2 to get better graphical pages along with all the required designs
We do want to promote some of our performance but with new results coming out all the time and the landscape always changing, it is difficult for us to commit to the additional spend for a content subscription so we haven't done it so far.
My biggest concern is that the leads we are sourcing are not converting at the rate that we would like them to convert, and that is a pity. But we have seen better performance since we modulated our strategy, so I do hope that the trend will stay possitive.
