There are sometimes some bugs on the admin side that prevent me from updating certain things right away, but those issues get addressed quickly by the G2 Crowd team.
There are sometimes some bugs on the admin side that prevent me from updating certain things right away, but those issues get addressed quickly by the G2 Crowd team.
The user interface is a little too cluttered. There seem to be some issues visual hierarchy. This makes it difficult for one to quickly understand the great reports they have to offer which is a shame. Also, this is minor, but the "chat here" option appears to often. It is common to have a chat icon in the bottom right of the screen but it's also repeated in several other areas of the site which makes the site feel to cluttered and too "salesy". I honestly believe more people would visit g2 if the user interface felt less cluttered.  
Although I understand there's a lot of features to cram in (there's no denying there's lots of cool things) I have found the interface a little unfriendly/buggy at times, however the latest layout is a big improvement - a tour/new tool guide would have been nice tho ;) Other than that, it's a great system, and although just getting starting, I look forward to the results it will bring in the future!
One complaint is that the TAT for reply to any issue is a bit long
There were a few hiccups along with way with getting our initial email out due to email issues on their end that could have been communicated a little better; however, in the end, all ended up working out fine.
Barring a few bugs in the reference sheets tool, G2 has delivered so far on everything we've been promised. Not much to talk about in the realm of dislikes.
Didn’t know about some cool features till our account manager told us. Some of our customers have reported issues with review submission failures multiple times. Just the submit button was not working. 
There was an issue with the banner and badges not being updated properly or on time. Changes are often not saved in the platform. A lot of great features but are available for additional charges. Integrations with platforms such as HubSpot are not as straight forward. Takes some getting used to in using the platform.  
Some of our customers did express some frustration with getting the reviews to post, but it most likely was due to user error (not completing email verification or wanting to connect via LinkedIn).  While we did try and coach customers through this, some were not willing to take these additional steps and in turn, caused the reviews not to be posted.  There also was not an exact match for our industry within the drop down list, so sometimes our customers were unsure how to correctly complete all fields that were required.
I haven't been using it long enough to find anything yet aside from a minor bug with data entry that I can work around by sending my rep at G2 the content.
While I understand the need, the review validation process has been a bit frustrating. There have been several reviews that I read prior to their validation that were clearly Sharpen users, but they were rejected because of an error in their user validation. It seemed that only those who reviewed and validated their identity via LinkedIn were able to actually be validated. Email address validation was not as reliable. 
There were some issues with like-named products that we had to sort out with the G2 team. We also ran into issues with our automation. The G2 team was great and helped us by giving us a few extras. I also wish G2 did more external marketing on LinkedIn and other professional sites so that the value of their product was more well known.
Integrating into Salesforce took a good deal longer than anticipated, but their development team was always willing to step in and help our side out while dealing with permission issues.
We have not had any issues working with G2 Marketing Solutions. To date the collaboration has been seamless and collaborative.
Not much to dislike. Our G2 team has been awesome in helping us if we have any issues.
There really is no downside to G2! If you have any issues, you have great customer success reps who make things super easy to understand and put into practice.
Their algorithm is very misleading. The first month we used G2, we were in the leaderboard quadrant as a top 3 solution. We did a big promotion with our top 3 standing that went out to customers and future buyers. After this campaign promoting our G2 standing, our marketing manager realized that G2 had tagged us with the wrong employee count, so we contacted them to fix it. After G2 corrected the employee count, we moved to the lowest ranking offering (down 6 spots) with no other change than our number of employees. G2 met with us to review this error and didn't provide any clarity except that their algorithm emphasizes better scores for larger companies. This logic seems ridiculous because if a company is large, it doesn't mean that the specific product reviewed is superior to a smaller company. Often, smaller companies have superior products because it's their primary focus. G2 promised to get back to us to solve this mistake, but we haven't heard back from them in weeks. We've found the experience with G2 to be very disappointing and borderline dishonest. I'm not hopeful that we'll hear back from them. We've discontinued all promotions of our profile on G2.
Nothing, honestly. Any (very minor) issues that I've ever had have been promptly addressed, actioned on and resolved by the G2 team in a timely manner.
Our position on the grid isn't necessarily 100% accurate, but that's not entirely a G2 issue. Other than that, there's not much to dislike!
I do not like that the information about the written and rejected reviews is hidden. There have been several instances where reviews written by our clients have been rejected for no good reason. In case there are controversial issues with the review, it would be better to transparently resolve them directly with the product team. The market Presence Scoring algorithm is a bit 'blurry'. We can't directly influence this and your position on the G2 grid. Very long questionnaire, please make it lightweight because it is difficult to get customers to go through all the pages of the questionnaire in order for the review to be qualified for the report. Also, make screenshot a required field, because it's optional now and clients don't add it, but it's a reason for you to reject the review.
The only thing I would highlight is there were a few issues with incentives being reimbursed to customers on our campain first time round, although this was a small number and was resolved by the team at G2
There's not much to dislike, but I wish our company profile page would be a little more customizable. I'm also not a bug fan of the 'discussions' section as you are nto allowed to curate your own FAQs.
Nothing comes to mind, to be honest. It does seem like G2 swaps teams regularly, which changes our Account Manager(s). But overall, we tend to end up with another good Account Manager, so it's not a huge issue.
I don't dislike anything about the tool; I think you are continuously developing it and releasing a lot of new features. When starting to use the tool, we had some change management-related issues, like how to get started internally. Now we are up and running, and with the support from G2, we are really improving.
Can't mention anything so far. Even if any issue/question arises, the team supports and answers our questions immediately.
The intent data is often incorrect or irrelevant. There seems to be a number of issues with the platform over the past several months where the dashboard doesn't work properly and provides inconsistent data. The dashboard often ignores our ICP/Vertical settings and provides data on irrelevant companies. This causes issues with our ABM strategy. G2's Customer Success/Relationship Team are unhelpful and have litle to no understanding of their own platform. They often make promises to follow up on our issues but never do.  Recently our Customer Success and Relationship Managers dumped us and passed us on to a new Manager who has not taken any time to work with us.
Where do I start? Buyer intent data basically non-existent, which we hoped would play a big part in our lead generation strategy. No visibility on who visits your profile. Links are continually being met by 404 and 500 server errors which became highly frustrating when using the site daily. Customer Success team doing the bare minimum to help resolve issues.
Where do I start? Buyer intent data basically non-existent, which we hoped would play a big part in our lead generation strategy. No visibility on who visits your profile. Links are continually being met by 404 and 500 server errors which became highly frustrating when using the site daily. Customer Success team doing the bare minimum to help resolve issues.
Our issues aren't being resolved as quickly as we would like. The admin panel comes with bugs and problems that sometimes remain there for months at a time.
Our issues aren't being resolved as quickly as we would like. The admin panel comes with bugs and problems that sometimes remain there for months at a time.
I can't mention anything significant. Maybe there are some minor UX issues within the web dashboard. But this doesn't negatively affect the outcomes.
We initially had some teething issues with being notified when budgets ran out, which was quickly actioned by our AM. It can be hard to track leads that come from G2. Sometimes the buyer intent isn't directly indicative of in-market opportunities.
There are still a few bugs in the admin-ui
I have no issues at this time. Only thing I note is that while we have a lot of reviews, there is a strong weight put to recent reviews and in my opinion not enough weight put on older reviews.
No current downsides. I have been an admin on a larger marketing team and a smaller, and have not run into any issues.
The only thing I feel that would be helpful would be to have an easier process for those who want to leave a review, a lot of the times clients don't want to sign in or create an account and have an issue with connecting their socials.
The biggest downside is not being able to incentivize reviews for non-subscribed products. I feel like this unfairly skews ratings and reviews across products. I wish that the platform offered an annual or bi-annual option for all vendors to load funds for an ad-hoc review collection campaign without vendors having to pay for an entire subscription. Also, we gather many reviews through review sourcing campaigns, but the reviews often times aren't the highest quality, because the review form is very simple. I wish their was a middle ground of the intricateness of the G2 & TR review forms. There is also a frequent tech issues that I run into when I'm inside the vendor portal. When I'm switching from a subscribed product to a non-subscribed product and back to a subscribed product, the subscribed product info begins to display like a non-subscribed product. I always have to refresh the page and navigate directly back to the subscribed product for the normal view to resume.
