So far so good, we are just starting to use additional features like the LinkedIn integration so can't evaluate that yet
There is little that I dislike. Understanding exactly what each of the features means and the flow between them has been my only slight hindrance. 
Very little. The product is currently quite feature-light but the future is bright and loads of potential.
There is nothing to dislike. As Advocately is relatively new, the features will continue to grow with the feedback of users. 
I was about to say lack of Slack integration until Patrick showed me that they have built it in, and got us integrated. They move fast on the product and engineering side - and I look forward to seeing more features from the Advocately team.
I was about to say lack of Slack integration until Patrick showed me that they have built it in, and got us integrated. They move fast on the product and engineering side - and I look forward to seeing more features from the Advocately team.
I wish there was more customization with the review questions and a way to provide ongoing feedback from customers that have posted reviews previously. Other review sites allow this and it would be great to have this feature added. 
I wish to gain more visibility or training on how to utilize the features/tools G2 has put in place.
We're trying out their sponsored content marketing program, but it's in its early stages and hasn't produced impressive results yet. It could be due to the ad design, but we'd like to see better results.  Their webhooks feature for leads is a little confusing, if you don't have any web dev experience.  The evaluation grid seems to favor market size, so if you don't work with enterprise businesses, you will never be labeled as a 'market leader' despite having a top notch review portfolio.   The comparison reports are overpriced for smaller startups.
1. G2Crowd promised lots of leads, but leads are few and far 2. The embed feature is limiting - I do not have the ability to take specific sections from the testimonial and embed them. 
The lead feature has been of absolutely no use to us.
Nothing really. While their team is still building out new features that will may eventually become "core" to their platform, it already does the basics of what we need and their team is very responsive when helping us with additional needs. 
I'm not too keen on the reporting tools available at the moment. It's hard to get key word searches and sentiment analysis so we can be more responsive as a company. HOWEVER, G2Crowd's research team is awesome and they have confirmed that these features are coming on the roadmap.
Nothing so far! You will need potentiall some expertise to hook up the advanced features and eg integrate with your CRM, but nothing too hard. 
The platform lacks multi-language support and is too much USA oriented. Software market is global and even when most of activities are ok being in English, there are a lot of reviewers out there that feel more comfortable writing something as personal as a review in their own language. On the other hand, G2 Crowd is struggling to get on the top (if it hasn't already) of the Software Review credibility and reputation score table. They do effords commuincating their platform to the USA market and USA software consumers, that efford would be welcome in other languages and countries too.
Some of the lead capture analytics lacked the detail we would like, for example, which category listing generated the most view for us.
Not having enough time to use all the premium profile features! 
There are so many useful features – there is not much to dislike.  And I think the vision and roadmap can take G2 to even broader value for us.  I guess the most difficult part is change management on our side – i.e. how do we get our teams to more habitually use the G2 features and information in all of our internal sales, marketing, support, and product processes.  
It can take a few tries to get used to all of the premium account features, but any questions we had were answered quickly. 
Although I understand there's a lot of features to cram in (there's no denying there's lots of cool things) I have found the interface a little unfriendly/buggy at times, however the latest layout is a big improvement - a tour/new tool guide would have been nice tho ;) Other than that, it's a great system, and although just getting starting, I look forward to the results it will bring in the future!
My biggest hurtle with G2 was the Leads integration. I was told I "could get the data any way I wanted" prior to buying. When installing, and realizing it was missing this key feature, I pinged the team. They're still a little young, and therefore overpromised.   However, this turned out to be a very positive experience, because they designed and implemented a new API specific to my needs, and fast. Turns out they could get it to me any way I wanted, I just had to wait a few weeks. I now have a Leads API that gets me the data, how and when I need it. They're already listening to the next product advancements, and I feel confident the product will continue to grow beyond its existing value, which is already at this point quite significant.  The team was fast, effective, and easy to work with during the update; Couldn't be happier. G2 boyscout here, if you're charged with Demand Generation, Lead Generation, Scoring, or most anything relevant with Leads - there's a way for you to leverage this data and get value by the boat load.
Some of the most advanced features require plans that are a bit pricey for a startup :-)
Didn’t know about some cool features till our account manager told us. Some of our customers have reported issues with review submission failures multiple times. Just the submit button was not working. 
There was an issue with the banner and badges not being updated properly or on time. Changes are often not saved in the platform. A lot of great features but are available for additional charges. Integrations with platforms such as HubSpot are not as straight forward. Takes some getting used to in using the platform.  
Platform functionality is highly limited depending on the package purchased. Some features that are truly standard to operate basic review programs seem to only be included in optimized or enhanced packages. It's frustrating to design a program around these limitations and when this is brought up, the only real solution is up-sell - which is not a realistic option for many. 
I've found a few places where the documentation of features doesn't seem to be updated completely. An example could be for the different widgets, where it's not very clear how they are actually going to look. A few images/examples (maybe just with dummy data) would be great to show precisely what a widget does and how it'll look when implemented.
The Activated Profile package is pricey and not well aligned to businesses who don't engage in account-based marketing. It would be nice to have a package with much of those features adjusted for those of us who can't make as much use of the business intent data and lean more on content-based lead and demand generation.
We've not yet leveraged all of the paid features available to us, can only speak to those we have: nothing to dislike at this point, really. I do, at times, feel pressured, sometimes rushed, to utilize plan to fullest potential (understandably, as CS team is eager to prove value), and felt the onboarding process was hurried, though we're not quite there yet. Baby steps is how we roll.
Can't think of any negatives, with G2's continuous evolution of more features, supporting more integrations, and providing enhanced review strategies, they really are the leader for both customer feedback and honest product research. Keep doing what you're doing!
The speed of new updates / features can improve. We'd like to see more insights on Intent signals.
Sometimes the internal Admin menu setup is a little confusing to navigate. I guess that this is partially because of how many features/options G2 has, but perhaps this could be laid out a little better. Also, some of the ranking metrics G2 uses to place your company in the rankings for appropriate categories don't always seem to relate to product maturity. I.e. the number of employees in a company. I understand that this can, at times, impact product quality, but at the same time - a large company doesn't an excellent product make!
The pricing is not aleays clear, with additional cost for certain features.
I find this service expensive for small businesses. It would be nice to be able to try the G2 for a few days for free with all the features. Sometimes I find G2 confusing and I have to search for things in it.
Nothing really.   In the beginning, it's a bit confusing to understand what's exactly included in each plan if you're unfamiliar with the names of the platform's features (as there're many of them). It's not a disadvantage, as your managers will eventually walk you through them. But I would recommend that all who think about using G2 on a pro level invest a bit of their time learning what's in the admin panel to ensure better understanding from the beginning.
Beyond a few minor UI tweaks here and there (which are quite subjective) there isn't anything really I'd use the word dislike for. It's be great to be able to have a bit of a trial of some of the more advanced features looked away behind a license upgrade.
It's not a dislike but it would be super handy if we could connect buyer intent signals with Slack.
Although there is access to many metrics, it would be great to have a better overview of performance in ALL categories rather than having to view the data for one category at a time. It would also be great to have some comparative reporting and a build-your-own report feature.
I don't dislike anything about the tool; I think you are continuously developing it and releasing a lot of new features. When starting to use the tool, we had some change management-related issues, like how to get started internally. Now we are up and running, and with the support from G2, we are really improving.
It sometimes gets hard to increase our usability in everything the platform offers. I would like to have a more precise onboarding to understand the features better.
the pricing. Very pricy if you don't know what to do with all the data or you' re lacking capacity.
I would think of the value of the discussions section. From the vendor's perspective, you have to check if there are no new questions constantly. Also, sometimes the categories don't match the software ideally (tools in the category are not competitors and have just one overlapping feature).
Many useful features are only available in paid packages, and those are costly for firms in Central Europe. Sometimes, they overpromise the usefulness of the feature.
There's not really much to dislike. We don't use a lot of the additional features so I can't comment on those too much. There are a few aspects of the UI which could be clearer, but I'm just being picky.
Complete lack of success metrics on whether G2 has helped us.
So far, I don't have any complaints. Mark and Henry have been really helpful and thorough in helping us get to grips with the features and make the most out of them.
There isn't anything that I particularly dislike about the G2 platform. The only thing I'd say is that I wish we had some more insight into the buyer intent feature, but that is an add-on with extra costs associated.
The tool is super extensive, so it takes a while to really understand how things work and take advantage of all the features available. The analytics can be a bit of a mystery.
G2 itself is extremely janky. We had to write up & justify the category that we belong in because G2 didn't understand our industry. We needed to explain why we should or shouldn't be tucked up underneath other categories. We needed to explain, in long-form, why certain companies they identified as our competitors should not even *be* in the category they threw them into.  Talking with Monty, he literally could not even recognize our product category and instead provided to me pages of unrelated market segments. When I gave him the exact page in G2 that I was referring to it said "I don't have access to live G2 database but I rely on set of structured database information which I currently lack for [my company's category]."  While we had initial traction in getting reviews once we signed the contract, that dried up quickly (after 1-2 months) and then we haven't gotten *any* reviews in the past half-year.  I wish I got sentiment analytics on the page even if someone *didn't* leave a review. I wish there was a way to know how many users were "watching us" or whether they had a positive brand sentiment. I can see pageviews, but I wish I could tell if folks were "subscribed" to our brand. So we could push updated information to those who had more than passing interest.
It's been a very good experience so far. One call out is that some feature asks (e.g, more granularity in what Slack notifications are sent) took a very long time to be implemented (>9 months). This was an essential for the Slack notifications be useful for us.
It's been a very good experience so far. One call out is that some feature asks (e.g, more granularity in what Slack notifications are sent) took a very long time to be implemented (>9 months). This was an essential for the Slack notifications be useful for us.
There are quite a few features so there is still a lot of functionality for us to uncover.
Can be expensive to get access to certain features and hard to measure ROI
It can be overwhelming to learn all the features and to use the utizile them correctly.
Because it's a robust platform, there are many features and it can take a while to learn to navigate quickly and easily.
Not easy to see all companies who feature in a higher position than us in the category league tables in the portal unless we're 5th or higher (eg where we're ranked 8th, I can see the top 4 ranked companies followed by us, but not who's 5th-7th)
Honestly nothing, G2 is constantly adding on new features and helping us make sure we are fully taking advantage of what is available to us.
So many features are paid, and also the software which is paying more will be listed higher in the list regardless of the reviews count.  The review process is very long for our customers, it would be much better only to ask a few questions (like what you like / dislike) and make all other fields optional ...
